#00_op001
It is all burning.
The plumes of black smoke continue to cloud out the night sky, red embers dancing amongst the flames.
This is the border town known as Cairn.
It is known for its production of red wine and has been used as an important point for trade for a long time.
Because of that, the marketplace is always tremendously busy.
The voices of neighboring farmers who have come to sell vegetables mix with the merchants from various countries extolling the virtues of their wares. Their combined voices fill the air of the marketplace, clearly displaying the bustling nature of the city.
A large number of adults and children come and go, searching through the products on display. Sometimes cheers erupt as though somebody has found a treasure.
The town is ruled over by a good lord and is filled with liveliness.
That town is now consumed in the flames of war.
Citizen A "Kyahhhhhhh!!"
Citizen B "P-Please, won't somebody help me!? All I have is my life... Gyahhhh!!"
Citizen C "It's burning! It's all burning! My home..."
All of the buildings are destroyed and on fire.
The lives of the people have mercilessly been destroyed.
Robust Man "Kill those that get in the way without mercy. We have no use for any of them except the women to sell into slavery."
Boy A "Ohhhhhh!!"
Robust Man "As always, you're free to enjoy them before we sell them. Do whatever you like."
Robust Man "Kill! Steal! And burn it all down!"
Boy A "Woooooooo!!"
Their eyes are bloodshot with their sick desires. They run through the city like beasts through a sea of flames.
They're clad in black armor. They clearly have greater leadership than ordinary bandits.
It seems that they're pillaging shops or attacking women. If you look very closely, you can see that there is a division of roles.
There are men tasked with destruction, men tasked with killing, and men tasked with capturing women.
They're rough like bandits, but in reality, they're an army led by one man.
That man----the leader of this army is both cold and ferocious with a robust physique.
Robust Man "There is a girl hiding back there. Don't miss her."
Woman A "Noooo! Please! Save me! Somebody!"
Soldier A "Heheh, there's nothing to cry over. I'm going to show you a real good time!"
Woman A "Kyahhhhhhhhhh!!"
A young girl was hiding behind a destroyed food stall, but at the indication of the general, a soldier drags her out into the open.
Her clothes are torn away quickly, and she is brought to the already captured women.
No matter how much they cry and scream it is a waste of effort before the ripped soldiers.
Their fate was decided the instant the guards employed by their ruler were pulverized.
But the men who love this town still haven't given in.
Vigilante A "For our city!!"
Vigilante B "Return the women!!"
The city guards that were trained in combat have already mostly been cut down or have run away.
Meanwhile, a group of regular citizens forms, taking weapons in hand they attack the soldiers.
Soldier B "Commander, there are a huge number of them!"
Leader "No matter how much of them gather together, they're nothing but untrained amateurs."
The large man referred to as Commander by his subordinates looks upon the situation with no sense of panic.
The footing of his foes is not aligned. There is a slight distance between each member.
In other words, they're nothing more than a good target.
He promptly has his archer unit take position and fire on the newly formed militia.
Leader "Fire!"
Vigilante C "Gyah!?"
Vigilante D "Gwah!?"
The militia is unequipped for range combat. They're unable to approach and just fall one after another.
The militia is stopped in their tracks.
The soldiers cut them down in one stroke.
Soldier C "Die! Stupid old men!"
Vigilante D "Gyah...!"
Vigilante E "Shit! Ohhhh!"
Soldier D "Heheh, what the fuck was that formation!!"
Vigilante E "Gah...!!"
The militia is defeated in an instant.
All is taken, burned, and destroyed in this storm of violence.
Citizen D "N-Nothing can be done! Run!"
Woman A "No, wait! Don't leave!"
Soldier A "Heheh! Give up lady!"
Woman A "Kyahhhhh! Let me go! Let me go!!"
The last of their resistance is gone. The citizens finally abandon their town and begin to run away.
Those that fight back and those that run away are cut down mercilessly. All of those that surrender are captured as slaves.
The fires of plunder spread across the entire town.
Leader "Hmph, is that all? All that remains is..."
Beastman "Hey, walk quickly!"
Lord's Daughter "Hahh...! Uhh, enough already... Mom..."
Lord's Wife "You scoundrels! Did I not tell you to refrain from touching us so carelessly!?"
Amidst the dancing embers, two girls are dragged along with an eye-catching high-class look to them.
The two of them are covered in soot and mud, but their beauty just stands out all the more.
One of them has the clear body of an adult, but there is still some shred of innocence inside of the shrieking girl.
The other one is her mother. She is such a well-endowed woman that any man would want to squeeze her soft tits just from looking at them.
Unlike her daughter, she walks with her face held high while surrounded by these ruffians.
The man leading them is clad in different armor from the other soldiers and has the head of a wolf.
Beastman "Lord, I've brought them. They are the wife and daughter of the ruler of this place."
Leader "Ah, good work."
The wolfman makes his report in a more frank manner than the other subordinates.
The commander nods his head lightly and turns his cold gaze to the mother and daughter.
That glance alone makes the mother's heart finally fall into despair.
The daughter's shoulders are trembling in an exaggerated fashion. She even attempts to hide behind her mother's back.
But that rouses her heart. She scolds her terrified heart with the notion that she must protect her daughter.
The mother breathes in deeply and protects her daughter behind her back. She looks up at the large man in front of her.
Lord's Wife "Y-You are the commander of these goons, right? We demand to be treated as prisoners."
Lord's Wife "My husband will surely pay..."
Leader "Your husband? Him?"
He slinks his head lightly.
When one of the soldiers with a really vulgar smile nods, he throws something at the mother and daughter.
When she sees what has rolled to her feet, the mother gasps, robbed of breath. Her daughter lets out a powerful shriek.
Lord's Daughter "Noooooooooooooo!!!!"
Lord's Wife "Ahhh, you...!!"
It is the head of a man in the prime of his life. There is no doubt that it is her husband, the leader of this town.
Her face is warped with fear. Her eyes stare vacantly into the sky.
She will never smile again as she had.
Leader "You seem to have been mistaken, but this town's women and treasures are all ours. There will be no ransom for you."
Lord's Wife "W-What...? How could you be... so immoral...!"
Leader "Your husband was stupid and weak. Good, take them along."
It appears that he is done examining them. He gestures to his subordinates.
One of them drags her daughter out from behind her back right away.
Lord's Daughter "Noooo! Mom!"
Lord's Wife "Stop! Please don't lay hands on my daughter!!"
She desperately tries to cling to her daughter as she is taken away.
They're separated there. They will certainly never see one another again.
The fear of being unable to protect even her daughter grips her mind, giving her strength even though she has just lost her husband.
Lord's Wife "Please, my daughter! Please!"
Soldier A "Shit, stop getting in the way! Hey!"
Lord's Wife "Please! I beg you!"
Clinging to her daughter's arm, she is kicked by the soldier. Even with her hair pulled, she pleads through to tears with the man in charge without letting go.
He smiles cruelly.
Leader "Okay. In that case, how about a bet?"
Lord's Wife "A... bet...?"
Leader "I'll take you on. If you can last, your daughter will be saved."
Lord's Wife "Eh...?"
She opens her mouth in confusion at what is being said.
He smiles like a beast playing with his prey.
Leader "Your beloved husband is watching. You won't moan while underneath another man, right?"
Lord's Wife "What...!? Khh... uh, khhh..."
She bites her lip now that she understands his intention.
But she can't say no.
Lord's Wife "F-Fine... Do as you like. Just... don't lay hands upon my daughter!"
Leader "That all depends upon you."
Lord's Wife "Khhh...!"
After experiencing his vulgar and bestial gaze, she turns her eyes to the head of her decapitated husband.
She is going to be defiled by the monsters who took her beloved husband from her.
The humiliation is unendurable, but no matter how it is mistaken, it is unbelievable to her that she could feel pleasure. It is nothing more than humiliation.
Leader "You, fuck the noble wife however you please."
Soldiers "Woooooo!!"
Granted their commander's permission, the soldiers all attack the pitiful nobles at once, unleashing their bestial desires.
Lord's Wife "Uh... khhh...!!"
Lord's Daughter "Ahhh!? Noooooooo...!?"
#00_op002h_mob01
Lord's Wife "Ahhhh!? Kah... hahhh! Ah, ahh!? Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Leader "This one's better than I thought."
Lord's Wife "Kahhh... ah, gahh! Hahh... ah, ah... hhhh...! Oh, you've... gone so deep...!"
Lord's Daughter "Nooooooo! Mom!?"
His cock is much larger than a human's. It mercilessly plunges into her pussy all the way down to the base.
The mother's whole body trembles from the sensation of her organs being pushed on more than the pain of having her dry hole pushed open.
Lord's Wife "Hahhh, hhh! Kahhh... hhhh, eeeek!"
She sees illusory fireworks before her. She can tell that her womb is warping.
The pain is enough to make her want to scream.
But she just stares at the man raping her.
Lord's Wife "Khhh, hahh... uh, uhhh... Y-You said you wouldn't do anything to my d-daughter...!"
Just like herself, her daughter's clothes have already been torn off.
Her daughter is still a virgin. If she takes such a huge dick, she will certainly break.
Leader "I didn't say anything about not tearing her clothes off. But you can relax. I'll protect your daughter's chastity until you fail."
Lord's Wife "Kahhhh!? Aghhh, kahhhh...! Hahh, hhh, hhh... nghhhhh!"
He restates his vow again as he thrusts his hips with his dick still so deep inside of her.
Having him push deeper into her womb causes her to scream out in terror.
She screams at the thickness of his cock grinding against her pussy. She fears that it might tear at any moment. Panting from the pain in her crotch, she feels a chill come over her.
Lord's Wife "Aghhhhh, aghhhhh...!!"
Soldier A "Hehe, rather than worrying about your daughter, shouldn't you worry about yourself first?"
Lord's Wife "Augh... Stop! Nghh, don't touch me... Khhhhh!"
Her nipples tremble, and she pants in pain as her voluminous and soft breasts spill out from her torn clothes.
The soldier's filthy hands pinch down on her nipples.
She bends back unconsciously, causing another soldier to smile scornfully at her.
Soldier B "Heheh, I'll give you some pleasure here."
Lord's Wife "Hhhh...!? W-What are you...!?"
A different soldier pulls her hair, strangely wrapping it around his stinking cock.
The soldier's face relaxes in a sloven matter at the silky texture of her soft hair. He jerks his dick while keeping it wrapped in her hair.
Even though she has no nerves in her hair, screams of horror slip out of her due to the inside of her body being caressed.
Lord's Wife "No, please...! Not my hair as well...!"
Soldier B "Heheh! You really do seem to take good care of it. This is what a noblewoman is like, huh?"
Soldier C "Hey, my cock also needs attention. Grab it!"
Lord's Wife "Ugh... ghhh... This is...!"
A different soldier forces her to give a handjob.
The smegma on it slides across her hands, inviting more fear.
She wants to scream and run away immediately.
But she has no option but to pleasure scum like these bandits because her daughter's purity has been threatened and she is already being fucked by such a huge dong.
Soldier D "Hey, look well, okay? Your mama's working real hard, you know?"
Lord's Daughter "Kyah...!? Ahh, no... uhhhh!"
Soldier E "Oh, she's afraid. How cute. I just want to shove it in her right away now."
Men with dicks in their hands surround her daughter as she looks up from the ground.
She can only shrug at the awful sight.
Her mother prays that she won't be forced to go through this same thing.
But it is all forced on her mother.
Lord's Daughter "Uhh, mom... I'm sorry. It's all my fault..."
Lord's Wife "Hahh, ah... No...! Ah, you didn't do anything wrong... I-I... just need to endure...!"
Leader "That's right. Do your best to endure."
He smiles cruelly and humps her.
Lord's Wife "Nghhhhh! Hghhh... uhhhh!?"
The inside of her body is pulled on by her cock.
The sensation of pain and pressure filling her abdomen pulls on her.
The liberating feeling is not like anything she's felt with her husband.
With no time for her trembling to subside, the depths of her pussy are once again hollowed out.
Lord's Wife "Nghhhh! Hhhh!? Ghhhhh, augh! Uh, ghh... ghhhh, kahhh! Uh, uhhhhh! Uh... uhhhhh!!"
His thrusts are heavy, and he pounds her harder and harder.
His dick can reach places her husband's never could. She feels electricity course through her body all the way to her head.
Lord's Wife "Khhh... hahhhh! Hahhh, hhh... nghhh!! Hghhhh, kmmfffff, ughhhhhh!!"
Soldier A "Ohhh, are your nipples still getting hard? The commander's dick is that good, huh?"
Lord's Wife "Ahhh, kah... hahhh... Who...!?"
The soldier's fingers push into her as her pussy is violently pounded. Her nipples are certainly getting harder.
She tells herself that it isn't because she's enjoying it at all but just the body's natural reaction.
Leader "It's still not enough stimulation. In that case, how about we go a little more intensely."
Lord's Wife "Haghhh, ghhh... hghhhhh! Ugh, haghhhh...! Gahhhhh! Hghhh... nghhhh...!!"
Her uterus feels continuous pain from the pressing of the hard head of his cock. It's like a boulder.
His thick cock forcefully rubs against the walls of her pussy.
Her pussy and womb are made hot and numb to the point of no reaction.
The heat is so unbearable, but she endures it with all her might, gritting her teeth in order to save her daughter.
Lord's Wife "Ghhhhh... ughhhh! Kahh, uh, hhh, ugh... ghhh! Haghhhhh! Nghhhh... hghhhh...!"
Lord's Daughter "Ah, ahh, Mom..."
Her daughter is near to crying next to her.
Her mother desperately grits her teeth to stifle her voice so that she doesn't let out a groan.
Drool drips out from between her gritted teeth, spilling out from around her mouth.
Soldier A "Hahaha, how fucking lewd! You're drooling while being raped by the girl next to you!"
Lord's Wife "Khhhhh, ughhhhh! Hahh, ahh, I-I am lewd... I-I'm not feeling anything at all... Khhhhhhh!"
Her nipples are getting hard and she's moaning because of nothing more than the pain and humiliation.
She speaks back to the soldier if for nothing else to tell herself the words she speaks.
However, the sensation of the penis in her is nothing but intense.
She finds it hard to breathe due to the awareness of its presence and the all-consuming burning she feels.
Leader "It looks like you've already gotten used to taking my dick. You understand now, right?"
Lord's Wife "Nghhhh... aughhh, kahhhhh...! Ahh, nghh, ah, ahhh... What... That's stupid, ngh, nghhh, hahhh...!"
She responds with words of denial like she had done with the other soldier.
But she notices the changes in his movements.
Unlike the intense pounding from earlier, he slows down his pace to clearly impart upon her the shape of his cock.
He moves his hips in circles with his dick still mostly inside of her. She feels like something is being pushed up inside of her.
Lord's Wife "Ah, aghh, nghhhh...! N-No, stop it...! This is...!"
She moans in neither fear nor hatred.
Her abdomen is hot.
It's like she's being dyed in the heat of the cock inside of her. She can tell that the core of her body is getting hotter.
Lord's Wife (Ah, ahhhhh, this can't be...! I can't believe it even though I'm being raped...!)
Lord's Wife "Ngh...! Khhh, hhh, hahh, ughh... nahh, ah, ah, angh, mghhhh...!!"
He continues to pound her deeply.
The huge head of his dick rubs against the walls of her pussy and pokes into her cervix.
Her pussy should be dry, but she knows that it is wet and hot.
Leader "You're squeezing hard around my dick. Was your husband's cock that insufficient?"
Lord's Wife "Uhh, khhh... Stop! Ahh, I won't let you... uhhh, make fun of him...!"
Leader "Oh? If you're not going to let me, how're you going to stop me?"
Lord's Wife "Hhh...! Hahh, hahh, hnghhhh!"
He thrusts hard, pushing up on her womb.
She feels a fear similar to a fear of falling well up inside of her over losing strength in her legs.
Despite her fear, she has a strong desire for it as well. Her pussy grips tight around his cock as though showing him her inner feelings.
Leader "Hahaha, you didn't forget that your daughter's chastity is on the line, right?"
Lord's Wife "Khh!? I-I didn't for----!?"
Lord's Wife "Ghhhh!? Ghhh... nghhhhhhh!"
Her whole body shakes from the renewed intensity of his pounding.
Her breasts jiggle forcefully, and he plunges deep into her uterus.
She desperately bites her lip, stifling her screams from the forceful thrusts that're making her see stars.
Lord's Wife "Ughhhhh, agh... uhhhhh! Hghhh, haghhh... nghhhh! Ghhhhhhh!"
His dick is so ferocious that it cannot compare to her husband's dick. It reaches places that her husband had never touched.
Despite the pain and agony, the itch she feels is penetrated with an exhilarating sensation.
Her ass bounces with each thrust, and her voluptuous breasts jiggle before the eyes of her daughter.
Soldier A "Hey, did you think you'd get away with just feeling the commander's cock? Move your hands more!"
Lord's Wife "Mmmm... ungh! Hahh, hahhh, ah, ahh... nghhhhh!"
She unconsciously moves her hands up and down on the dick wet with precum.
Her hair and flesh are sullied by the cocks and hands of the dirty men.
It is the first time she's had sex with somebody other than her husband. Let alone having multiple cocks pushed in front of her.
Lord's Wife (Ahhh, despite that...! No, this is wrong!)
It shouldn't be the case that her body is getting hotter the more she is being turned into a whore.
She desperately twists her body to calm the flames that are burning up deep inside of her body, and her limbs get stiff.
Lord's Daughter "Uh... khhh, uhhh... Mom..."
Tears stream down her daughter's face at seeing her own mother desperately resisting the men.
She knows that she'll be forced to experience the same thing if her mother gives in.
But she can't watch her mother in pain any longer.
Lord's Daughter "Ah... ah, ummm... I----!"
Lord's Wife "Ngh, nghhh...! Hahh, hahh, ahhhh... khhhh... It's okay...!"
He pounds deep into her core, and her body burns up.
But as a mother, she tries to somehow smile to ease her daughter's mind.
Lord's Wife "T-This is... Agh, ngh, this is nothing... for your mother... I'm fine!"
Lord's Daughter "No, ahh... Mom..."
She smiles desperately, but she can't help but shriek as her lips are parted.
Her daughter cries at the sight of her mother getting raped, and her mother's rapists laugh mockingly.
Leader "The old lady seems to have a preference for it being rougher. Don't worry. The real event is just starting."
Lord's Wife "Hahhhhhhhhh...! Ah, hghhh, uh, uh, hahh, haghhhhh!!"
Lord's Daughter "Noooooo, Mom...!?"
The deep thrust shakes her womb, and her body arches intensely.
The hot surge of energy rushes through her entire body in an instant, and her nervous system is pushed to its limit. Her fingertips and even the hair on her head feels so hot that it's numb.
Lord's Wife "I-It's not... true...!! Hahh, uhhh... anghhhh! Even though i-it hurts... Hahh, ghh... Even though it's hard to breathe...!"
Leader "Even though it hurts and it's hard to breathe, what? Say it."
Shllllk! Shllllllg!!")
Lord's Wife "Aghhhhhh!? Nghhhhhhh!"
Her mother's endurance is finally broken by the intense force.
She writhes either from pain or pleasure as her entire body twists, even her face. She screams like she's gone mad.
His cock forces her pussy open despite its intense constrictions, slamming into her womb.
Lord's Wife "Nahhhhhh! Ahhhh, hahhhhh! Hahh, ahhh... ahhh, ahhh... aghhhhhh!"
Lord's Daughter "Ah... ahhh, Mom..."
Her daughter's face is once more corrupted with despair.
She has concern for her mother, but also it comes from her fate being decided.
Her mother's screams are the announcement of her death sentence.
Lord's Wife "Ahhhh, hahhh, hnghhhhh...! Nahhh, I-I'm sorry...!"
Lord's Wife "Aghhhh! Ahhh, hhhhhh! Ah, ah, agh, ahhh, daughter...! Nahhhh, I did it for you... I...!"
Lord's Daughter "Uh... uhhh... It's okay... Mom..."
Lord's Wife "I'm so sorry! Aghhh! Ughhhhhhhhhhh!"
He thrusts his cock even deeper into her as he covers her body.
The continued thrusts are enough to make her think that her womb will alter shape, and her whole body burns hot with pleasure.
Her legs unconsciously flail about, wrapping around the man's hips.
Even her conquered pussy spasms as it constricts around his cock.
Leader "It's like you want to get impregnated in front of your daughter. That's fine. I'll grant your wish."
Lord's Wife "Hahhhh, ahhhhh... ahhhhh! Hahhh, ahhhh... No, yahhh!"
Lord's Wife "Not that! Please just don't do that...! Please! I'm begging you! Ughhh, ohhhhh!"
Contrary to her words, the mother thrusts her own ass out unconsciously, and her pussy squeezes tight.
The walls of her pussy seethe with desire. They constrict tightly around the cock of the man responsible for her husband's death to squeeze the cum out of it.
Leader "Even though I'm not teasing you, you're really squeezing tight around me."
Soldier B "Hey! We're also going to cum all over you, so you should be thankful! Hyahahah!"
They laugh vulgarly as they jerk themselves off with her hair and her hands. His dick pulsates with heat.
The overflowing precum sullies her lustrous hair and graceful hands.
Lord's Wife "Nooooo, nooooo, hyah! Nooooo, hahhhhhhh...!!"
His pounding accelerates, and his dick gets bigger, harder, and hotter.
She is pounded with such speed that her cervix is forced open, and a maddening amount of heat causes her to writhe.
Her thick pussy juices mix about, causing sloshing sounds to echo out.
The mother's pussy pants like it is in pain, but the instant it squeezes hard on his cock, intense heat and pain erupt along the walls of her pussy.
Splllllrrrrt! Gshh, gshhhhh! Bshhhhhh, bshhhh, bshhhhhhhhh!")
Lord's Wife "Ahhhhhhh! So hooooooooot! Ah, ah, ahhhhh, nahhhhhhhhhh!!"
The hard head of his cock thrusts deep into her pussy, and his burning hot cum slams into her cervix.
Her back bends greatly beneath him as her legs wrap hard around his hips.
Lord's Wife "Nahhhhh, ahhhhhhh! Ah, hahhhhhh! Ahhhhh! I'm... cumming!?"
Leader "Hey, take it."
Splllllrrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhhhh!")
Lord's Wife "Hahhhhhhhh! I'm cumming! I-I'm cumming! Even though I shouldn't... Even though I can't cum!!"
Lord's Wife "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! But I'm cumming! I'm cumming!!"
Lord's Daughter "Ah... ahhhh, ahhh..."
She is swallowed up in her senses as she apologizes to her daughter beside her.
Cum is pouring down on her mercilessly from all the men around her.
Lord's Wife "Ahhhh, ahhh!? It's hot... Hahhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Foul-smelling cum lands on her breasts, swollen from excitement, and her face, twisted in pleasure.
The heat of it burning on her skin and the masculine scent cause her body to writhe intensely as she experiences multiple orgasms.
Lord's Wife "Ahhhhhhhh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Even though I'm cumming! I'm cumming again and again... I just keep cumming!!!"
Lord's Wife "Ah... hahh, ahhhhh..."
Even when he pulls his body away and his dick out of her, her freshly fucked pussy continues to gape open.
An insane amount of cum spills out from her hole as the red walls of her pussy are exposed. It is frothy and bubbling.
Lord's Daughter "M-Mom..."
Lord's Wife "Uh, uhh... I'm sorry... Your mother is so shameless... Uh, uhhh..."
Sobs just rush out of her with no attempts to ask for forgiveness.
The daughter grabs her mother's hand and shakes her head as though to say that it's okay.
The men look down on this mother and daughter and smile.
Leader "Then, watch carefully right there. It is your fault that your daughter is having her virginity taken from her."
Lord's Daughter "Ah, ahh... I..."
Even if she tried to be mentally prepared, when shown their brutal cocks, she feels ready to cry.
Her mother tries to protect her, desperately extending her hands to the men.
Lord's Wife "Please stop... Please... I... I don't care... You can fuck me however you please..."
Soldier F "Hehehe, don't worry. I'll fuck you."
Men stand before both the daughter and the mother with their cocks exposed.
Lord's Daughter "Hhh... ah, ah, ahhhh..."
Lord's Daughter "Hghhhhh!?"
Shlllllp!! Shlllllllp... shlllk, shlllk... glkkkk! Shllllllllllp!!")
Lord's Daughter "Gah, ah... haghhh, khhhhh! I-It hurts... I-It hurts... No, hahh, this... hurts...!"
Lord's Wife "Ahhhhhh! Please stop!"
Both of their screams layer upon each other.
Compared to her mother, the daughter's hole is much narrower. A thick cock penetrates it, and her hymen is torn apart in a single blow.
The daughter feels a burning pain, causing her throat to constrict and her chest to feel heavy.
Lord's Daughter "Kah, aghh... It hurts! It hurts... It... hurts... Ah! Kah, hahh, gah!"
Her labia redden with fresh blood, proving that she has now been deflowered.
Soldier D "Hey! Show her how you're supposed to moan and scream!"
Lord's Wife "Ahhh, nahhh, ah! Nooooooo!"
Next to her daughter, crying from the pain of having her cherry popped, her mother once again takes a cock deep into her pussy.
But the screams escaping from her mother's mouth don't just indicate pain but pleasure as well.
The lingering sensation from her previous orgasm is still quite strong within her body even now.
Because of that, just from him moving his hips at all, she writhes from the numbing pleasure.
Lord's Daughter "Agh, hhh... Mom... Ah!"
Lord's Wife "Hghhhh, ungh, nghhh...! Ngh, hahh, ahhh, you're wrong... This is... nghhh!"
Her daughter cries from the pain and grief, and her mother tries to somehow apologize to her.
But having her ravaged pussy filled once again with cock makes her hips ache uncontrollably.
Leader "Well, why don't you moan nicely for me."
Lord's Daughter "Hghhh, ugh! It hurts!? Gahhh, gah... ghhhh! Ah... gahhhh!"
His horrifically huge cock plows her tight virgin pussy without mercy.
The daughter sobs as she is fucked deeper and deeper.
Lord's Wife "Noooooo! Stop it, you bastard! Stop! Don't do such a thing to my daughter!"
Soldier D "Oh, incredible! Hey, cry some more! When you cry, your cunt gets real tight!"
Lord's Wife "Nghhh, ahhh, hghhhh! Nghhh, ahhh, you're lying... Don't lie!"
The mother desperately tries to put together words of denial, but when his cock pushes up into her pussy, her dainty jaw also lifts, letting out a gasp.
The other men also begin to get erect again at the sight of the mother like that.
Soldier E "Hehehe, how about I use her mouth?"
Soldier F "Then I'll take the daughter's!"
Lord's Daughter "Khh! Hhh... ahhhh!?"
Lord's Daughter "Uhhh, hghhhh!? Nghhhhh!"
Lord's Wife "W-What are you doing to my daughter... Aghhh!? Bhhh! Hmghhhhhhh...!!"
Sweat, smegma, precum, and jizz all mix together creating an awful scent to emit from their dicks. They thrust into the mother and daughter's mouths.
Having only just recovered from the shock of being deflowered, the daughter sobs loudly from having her mouth raped next.
Lord's Daughter "Geh, ebfff!? Nghhh, gpfff! Ehhhh!?"
Soldier F "Hhh, what's with that voice? You're a noble lady. You should be panting more beautifully."
Lord's Wife "Hhh, hyahh, dear... Gack...!? Oh, bah... gpfff, ughh, mm... mghhh, hnghhh! Ubffff, sllllrrrp!"
The men laugh at her instinctual and truly whorish reaction, and they still try to impart this whorish behavior to her innocent daughter.
Unlike her daughter, she accepts the cock into her own mouth which eases the pain. She tightly grabs her daughter's hand in order to support her.
Lord's Daughter "Mmm, hahhh, uhhh, ohhhh! Nghhh ngh, nbfff... hhh, bahhh... sckkkk!"
She squeezes her mother's hand tightly as though it were some form of anchor to reality while she chokes hard on the dick in her mouth.
The sight of the mother is ideal for the men.
The men inside of her two holes begin to thrust all the faster due to the increasing lust.
Lord's Wife "Ngh, gphhhh, sllllrrrrp... pahhhh, slllllrrrp, gphhh, nghhh, gphhhhh! Uh, bhhh... bbhhhh, mmmhnnnnggggh!"
Lord's Daughter "Ngh, ngh, ngh! Ngh, eh, kpfff, gpfffff! Nbffff, kpfff, sckkk!"
The daughter's saliva is mixed up by the cock in her mouth, bubbling out around the sides of her mouth.
Every time their cervixes are hit with the fleshy rods inside of them, transparent fluids run down from the mother's crotch while fresh red blood flies from the daughter's virgin pussy.
Having tried to protect her daughter, the mother isn't just forced to take dicks in her mouth and pussy.
Lord's Wife "Mghhh!? Bhhh! Hyah...! Hbffff...!?"
Her hair is sullied with a foul-smelling cock covered in smegma, and she is made to jerk off a huge pulsating cock with her hands.
Her spine trembles from the rape, but her nethers ache to a maddening degree.
The men laugh at her instinctual and truly whorish reaction, and they still try to impart this whorish behavior into her innocent daughter.
Leader "You need to watch and learn from your mother. Try squeezing your pussy. Use your mouth better too. We can't just thrust our dicks into it, right?"
Lord's Daughter "Ngh!? Hnghhhhhh! Ngh, nghhhhhhh!!"
The men take this as a signal and start to move their hips faster all at once.
Skewered from both above and below at the same time, the mother and daughter are both unable to do anything as they're taken by the whirlwind of violent rape.
Lord's Wife "Mgh... gbf, mgh! Mghh, hghhh, mghhh, hghhhh...!"
Lord's Daughter "Mghh, slllrrrp! Kpffff, eh, phhh!"
The daughter holds tightly onto her mother's hand.
The mother squeezes with all her might in return as she senses that the men are approaching orgasm.
She wishes that her daughter won't be sullied any more than she already has. She feels tormented. She also desires to take their loads. These thoughts all swirl about inside her mind.
Soldier F "Hey! Suck it more! If you do a good job, I'll give you a reward!"
Lord's Daughter "Gpfffff, epffff, eh!? Ah, ohhh, slllrrrrp, sllllrrrrp! Ergh, bffff, bffff... kpffff, hbffff!"
Soldier E "Show your daughter how it's done. Show her how to suck a dick properly!"
Lord's Wife "Mmmmm, sllllrrrrrp, sllllrrrrp, slllllrrrp, pah... sllllrrrp, pahhh! Mmm, hahhh, mmm, sllllrrrp! Ngh, bah, sllllrrrrp!"
The men grab the heads of the mother and daughter, slamming their cocks into their mouths like they're fucking their pussies.
The two of them, especially the daughter, writhe as they struggle to breathe from having their mouths blocked.
The daughter's pussy constricts powerfully, pleasuring the man that stole her virginity.
Leader "See you can do it. Shall I give you your reward?"
Lord's Daughter "Hghhhh!? Hggggmfffff!!"
The hard head of his dick slams intensely into her undeveloped uterus.
The daughter's body curves back and writhes from the pain piercing through her whole body.
The mother's pussy also takes another filthy load as the phallus firing it bounces up and down.
Lord's Wife "Stop, pah! Bhhh, glbbbb! Ugh, pahhh! Sllllrrrp, sllllrrrp...!"
Soldier D "Well, I'm cumming! You're mating in front of your daughter!"
Lord's Wife "Nghhh, gpffff!? Gbpfff, hahh, bhhhhhh!!"
Soldier F "Hey, make her drink it too!"
Lord's Daughter "Hbbbfff, epfff, byah... byahhh!? Ngh, gpfff, hbfff, bah! Eh, nghhh, mghhh! Hghhhhhh!"
The men pleasure their cocks with the pussies, mouths, hands, and hair of the mother and daughter.
The dicks enveloped by their hot and soft womanly walls expand the most.
The men shove their dicks as deep as they can into their mouths and pussies before delivering the final blow.
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhh, gshhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhh, bshhhh! Bshhhhh, bshhhhhhh!")
Lord's Daughter "Mhghhhhh! Nbpfff, gpahhhhhhhhhhh...!!"
Lord's Wife "Nghhhhhh! Unghhh, nghhhh, ngh, kmffffffnnn!!"
A huge amount of cum pours into and out of their holes both above and below.
It fills the daughter's throat, bringing an unpleasant sensation. Her womb is seething from the force, causing her whole body to tremble.
On the other hand, the mother twists her body in time with the pulsating of the as though to accept the load.
She takes the erupting loads in both her mouth and pussy.
Bshh, bshhhh! Bshhh, gshhhh!")
Lord's Wife "Hahhh, haghhh, ngh, ughhhhh! Mhhh, hnghhhh... ughhh, ughhh... glkkkk, ngh... pahhhhhhhh!"
The mother gets goosebumps from the sensation of cum running down her throat, making a gurgling sound as she swallows.
On the other hand, the daughter lets the cum spill out from around her mouth not able to take most of it.
Lord's Daughter "Hbfffff, bhhh! Kafff, gpppp, ehhh... hahhh! Eh, hahh...!"
Soldier F "Hey, what is spilling out of my mouth! I'm drinking it all down!"
Lord's Daughter "Mgpffffff!? Ughhh, bfff, nghh... khhhhhhhhh!"
Pubic hairs fill her nose, and the backwash of cum is forced right back down her throat by the thrusting of the cock in her mouth.
She is skewered deeply from both ends as she inadvertently bends backward.
Lord's Daughter "Nghhhhh!? Ngh, gpfffff! Uh, nghhhh, nbfff, ghhhhhhhhh!"
The cock that forced her cervix open pours its hot load into her body.
She struggles to endure the pressure in her nethers, and cum once again pushes out through her nose and mouth.
Lord's Daughter "Nbff, hyah! Pahhhh...!"
Soldier E "Hey, swallow more! You like it, don't you!?"
Lord's Wife "Mgffff, ugh, glggg! Hah, pah, nghh... glggg! Glggg, ugh, glgg... nghhh!"
In fear of the soldier's intimidation, the mother and daughter cry as their uteruses are pelted with semen and even their stomachs are sullied with the heavy, bitter fluid.
The soldiers all around them jerk themselves off to send their loads flying all over them, and their bodies are covered in filthy white makeup.
The mother and daughter are sullied thoroughly both inside and out.
Lord's Daughter "Uh... bah... ugh... bpfff..."
Lord's Wife "Gpfff... nghh... ahhh, ngh... khhh, ah, hahh, ahhh..."
The ejaculation of the crude men finally comes to a close, and they pull their cocks from them.
Both of their pussies remain open, and white clumps of cum dribble down their legs.
Lord's Wife "Hahh, ngh, hahh, hahh... hahh... ngh... ah, ahh... I... Khnghhh..."
Lord's Daughter "Ahhhh... gsh, uh, uhhhhh..."
The mother sits in the agony of being raped, but she is shocked at the lingering pleasure inside of her body and rubs herself.
Next to her, her daughter lies vacant from the shock of cruel deflowering.
Their pussies both tremble in pain even now.
The cocks of the men surrounding them still display their ample erections.
............
......
...
#00_op003
Lord's Wife "Ahhh..."
Lord's Daughter "Uh... uh..."
The nightmarish time is at an end.
Covered in cum, the two of them look like used rags. They lie by the side of the road, embers landing upon them.
Soldiers come to pick them up.
Another lone girl appears.
Girl "Commander, I've made the preparations."
The girl doesn't even give the mother and daughter a glance. She just makes her report with reverence to the man.
The girl's face is clearly younger when compared to the man's other subordinates. She also has a magnificent body.
Her armor and sword seem lightweight, suiting her nimble body.
On the other hand, there is no uselessness in her movements, and there is no gap in the way she stands quietly by the man's side.
Leader "What's happening with those of the Holy Kingdom?"
Girl "There are reports that they've sent armies because they noticed the smoke from the town. They will arrive shortly."
Leader "Alright. They've come all this way. We need to leave them some souvenir."
He strokes his chin and smiles.
The girl also nods slightly in agreement.
Her brown skin is illuminated by the fire. Her pointed ears peek out from beneath her hair. Anybody could tell from looking at her that she is a dark elf.
But they'd be wrong.
Rather than a pure-blooded dark elf, her ears are not as pointed and her skin color is a little lighter.
She is only half dark elf.
Girl "How was the harvest?"
Leader "So-so."
In response to her question, he strokes his chin.
The girls are forced into the pens carried by the horses.
A different carriage is filled with money and other treasures from the merchants and lord of the land, causing it to creak.
It is ample profit from the destruction of a single town.
A beastman comes to indicate that the girls have been brought all together.
Beastman "Master, we should pull out soon. My ass is going to catch on fire at this rate."
Girl "Lucaon, you should at least call him commander while you're working."
Lucaon "Hahahaha, don't get mad. I always say that, don't I? I call him master because he was my master before he was ever my commander."
Lucaon "You can call him master too. I'm sure he'd like that sweetness more than the stiffness of the commander. Don't you agree, Luka?"
Luka "You..."
The girl named Luka stares daggers at him.
For a moment, she looks to be reaching for the two real daggers sheathed at her hips.
However...
??? "Gab!?"
Rather than at Lucaon, Luka directs her blade at some rubble nearby and throws it.
From the shadow cast by the rubble, a man tumbles out the blade lodged in his throat.
He grabs at his throat and writhes, dropping his sword.
He appears to have been looking for his opportunity to take revenge.
Luka snorts and turns back to her commander.
Luka "Commander, I must also urge that we leave."
Luka "Lucaon, we can speak after we return home."
Lucaon "Just be kind to me."
Luka gives Lucaon a cold stare. Lucaon smiles.
His claws were sharp as knives, but now they return to their original form.
If not for Luka's throwing knives, Lucaon's claws would have torn through him.
The wolves are proudest of their amazing combat prowess among the several different kinds of beastmen.
Without using weapons, they use their claws, fangs, and muscles to fell their foes.
The man that the two of them serve looks around the burning village, and he nods in satisfaction.
Leader "Alright. Then, you guys head out!"
Soldiers "Woooooooo!!"
The soldiers yell a cry of victory at his order.
Cairn for a long time was an important center of trade, but it is now returned to ash.
A short while later...
Knight A "I have a report. Cairn has nearly been completely burned down. There appear to be no survivors."
Female Knight "I see..."
An order of knights is gathered on the main street of Cairn.
A knight in the prime of his life takes a knee and gives his report to the young female knight.
On their chests sits the insignia for the Holy Empire of Aurelia.
The Holy Empire of Aurelia is the largest nation on the continent of Serenus. It is located to the South of the continent.
There are three different countries between Aurelia and Cairn. It is a far jaunt.
The order of knights is looking into Cairn directly after it burned down.
They came across this tragedy while on their way back to Aurelia. They are in this nation because they had come to discuss with the king of this nation for some reason.
Knight A "A large number of carriages left this town. I can't imagine that this town was just ransacked by bandits."
Knight A "Moreover..."
Female Knight "What?"
Knight A "The insignia of a knight order was ostentatiously displayed on the burnt ruins. It's too dangerous for bandits to do something like this."
Female Knight "The Black Dog Mercenaries... The Service Nation?"
The female knight mutters unable to hide her regret.
The burning stench still hangs strong in the air even now.
Just how many innocent lives have been lost?")
She wonders if they could've prevented this tragedy if they just arrived sooner.
That thought sits heavy in the female knight's heart.
Knight A "Lady Iris..."
Iris "Ah, sorry. It's okay."
A knight calls out to her in concern, but she smiles and responds to put him at ease.
And Iris once again looks over the burned-down village.
A faint smoke still wafts into the air above Cairn even now.
Iris naturally frowns.
She can't let such a tragedy happen again. She must make sure this is the final time this happens no matter what.
Iris looks to the skies in the north with this resolution in mind.
In that vast distance is the nation ruled by her enemy... the Service Nation.
The Service Nation contains all the vilest things in the world. It is a true hive of scum and villainy.
It is a nation of bandits that steal food, women, and treasure from all the small countries and city-states that surround it.
She wonders how many tears have been shed over the theft committed by that nation.
But the daily pains will end. She will make them end.
Iris was on this diplomatic mission to prepare for just such a future.
Iris "I will make them pay... for all the evil they've done up until now."
Iris stares up at the northern skies.
The lands to the north are rumored to be hidden from the light of the sun. The famed Service Nation... is a land of entertainment, pleasure, vice, and debauchery.
The main city is filled with the moans and wails of women.
Iris squeezes her fist tight as though she can hear those sounds even here.
Serenus's northern portion, its male portion, the Negramstian Empire.
But this nation is hardly ever called that name meaning Black Beast.
It goes by another name coined by somebody.
The Service Nation.
About 150 years ago, the Service Nation was founded by the Mercenary King, Vult. He had a singular objective.
To make all women perform acts of sexual service and spread depravity throughout the land.
Why was such an absurd nation founded?")
The history of that dates back to the dark elf queen, Olga.
Monstrous races lived in the north of the continent. These dark creatures were deemed to be monsters by humans.
Even amongst them, Olga, the dark elf queen, possessed extremely powerful magic.
Numerous monsters gathered around her because of her overwhelming magic, forming the Black Keep.
The humans formed the Seven Shield Alliance to resist the monsters based in the Black Keep.
The high elf, Celestine Lucross, was the person at the center of the Seven Shield Alliance.
Celestine entrusted Vult with the mission of attacking the Black Keep. Vult was only an ordinary mercenary leader at the time.
The Black Dog Mercenaries led by Vult is said to have been a powerful force made up of both humans and monsters.
Even though it was thought to have been impossible, Vult was successful in his task.
But his true achievement only started there.
After he beat the demon army, Vult raised a flag of rebellion against his employer, Celestine.
The army led by Vult took down the Seven Shield Alliance in a flash and defeated their messiah, Lady Celestine.
After subjugating everything, he formed the Service Nation.
All the women were forced to perform sexual service to men whether they be humans or monsters. That is the nature of the Service Nation.
The cities are filled with unending bustle whether day or night but especially at night.
The other nations would never allow the existence of brothels, but now they line the main street of the capital of the Service Nation.
Girls' flesh is exposed as they invite men to sleep with them for the night.
The men bring lots of money to indulge in pleasure.
Of course, the streets are not filled with just humans. In accordance with that country's history, those deemed as monsters also come with money to indulge themselves in pleasure.
An unbelievable amount of money is exchanged here in a single night.
Of course, the Service Nation isn't just brothels.
A stage is set up in the central plaza. On that stage, auctions and public training are held there every day.
In any other country, this kind of thing would happen behind closed doors.
But this is the Service Nation.
All girls must pleasure men sexually.
Their training to that end... is not strange at all even if it is happening publically.
The Mercenary King, Vult, is the one that came up with this way of doing things.
This country is even now a manifestation of Vult's ideals.
From the perspective of another country, the Service Nation would look like quite an immoral sight.
There are also hordes of men seeking pleasure in the capital this night as well. The city is truly prospering as a nightless place of immorality.
Leader "......"
A castle stands tall in the center of the depraved capital.
Having returned from his hunt, a man walks straight down the corridor leading to the audience room where the owner of the castle sits.
The report of the hunt should already have been finished by one of his subordinates.
But he was ordered to come directly by their king.
Luka "......"
Luka walks quickly behind him, looking at his back.
There is no hesitation in his steps. The same as always.
But Luka notices that the sounds of his footsteps are giving off a slight hint of irritation.
But as his loyal subordinate, she just walks behind him without saying anything untoward.
The two of them reach the large doors shortly.
He calls out to one of the guards, and the guard promptly opens the door.
Leader "Wait here."
Luka "Roger!"
Luka takes a step back and salutes her commander as she waits in the corridor.
At his signal, the guards continue to open the large doors.
At that moment, a strange but sweet odor like that of ripe but poisonous fruit on the verge of rotting flows out. and Luka unintentionally frowns.
But he just calmly walks toward the opened doors.
Leader "Hmm..."
After entering the room, he snorts at the spectacle he had expected.
This is the throne room.
It can be said that it is the center of the country where the emperor's orders are conveyed to the people.
But rather than a throne, there is a large bed.
The atmosphere has no sense of grandeur. It has the sweetness of a brothel.
It's not just the air but also the sounds that echo through the room.
The voice of a man moaning at too strong pleasure and the voice of a woman laughing at the pleasure of torturing a man are now echoing in the place where policies should be decided.
On the bed that takes the place of a throne is a bunch of fat men with a sexy woman in a black dress shaking her voluptuous body.
She is not being raped. She is in control of all of the men gathered there through her arousing flesh.
#00_op004h_rad01
??? "Slllrrrp, sllllrrrrp... sllllrrrp, sllllrrrp... ngh, hnghh... nghhh, hahh... sllllrrp... sllllrrrp, muah..."
Man A "Ohh, khhh... Lady Ladomira..."
The man groans in satisfaction from her indulgent blowjob.
Ladomira narrows her eyes alluringly, wraps her long tongue around the head of the fat man's cock, and sucks on it hard.
With each motion of her head, her long hair moves about, tickling the man's body.
Horns peek out from behind her luxurious hair, she has wings on her back, and a long tail sprouts from her amazingly thick ass.
Her tail sways back and forth as she caresses the body of the man she's riding.
Ladomira "Sllllrrrp... muah, hahahaha.... Hey, I can make you feel even better, you know?"
Her tail rubs along the thighs of the man below her, occasionally ticking at his anus.
The penis enveloped in Ladomira's flesh trembles with pain.
Man B "Ah, ghh... Lady Ladomira, I can't...!"
Ladomira "Sckkk... You're being a little pathetic, you know? You can try a little harder, can't you? Here... I'll do this."
Man B "Khhh!? L-Lady Ladomira, t-that's----!"
Ladomira's pussy tightens powerfully enough to crush the man's cock. It contracts in and out as though chewing on his penis.
Her cervix opens up wide, attempting to suck the head of his cock through it.
He is feeling so much pleasure now that he is about to pass out.
Ladomira "Haha... Well, let me enjoy that cock some more. Mm, muah, ngh, mmmmmm!"
Man A "Khhhhh! Oh, ohhhhhhh!"
Ladomira sticks his cock deep down her through and shakes her head, savoring its taste.
Her graceful hands are covered in precum and wrapped around the dicks of middle-aged men. She strokes them happily.
Her hands, pussy, and mouth satisfy the cocks, causing happiness to stir in her heart.
She can enjoy any cock at any time for however long as she wants.
The throne of the Service Nation is Ladomira's greatest desire.
She is the current empress of the Service Nation.
Man C "Ah, ah, I can't take it any longer...!"
Man B "Lady Ladomira, I'm going to cum already...!"
Ladomira "Pahhh... Didn't I tell you that you weren't allowed?"
Man C "Khhh...! Agh, ah, aghhhhhhh..."
Ladomira laughs, preventing their ejaculation.
She pulls her lips from the cock right before it orgasms. She also squeezes her hands so tight around the cocks grasped in them that they're unable to ejaculate.
And her tail wraps just as tightly around the dick deep inside of her pussy.
Man B "Uhhh, s-so tight...! Ghhhh...! Ahh, I can't cum at all!"
Her tail doesn't just wrap around the base of his cock, but it even squeezes his testicles.
Ladomira enjoys controlling men's ejaculation like this.
Man A "Please suck it... Lady Ladomira, show mercy on my pathetic cock!"
Ladomira "Hahahaha, you're the minister of a country. Please don't say something so pathetic."
Frustratedly trying to attain permission to cum, the middle-aged men shake their hips and potbellies pathetically.
Ladomira is tickled by their pathetic and idiotic display.
Ladomira "Haven't we just started...? I can't believe such a big man would be whining already..."
Ladomira "Hahaha, you can endure more, can't you? Lckkk, lckkk... lckkk, muah, lckkkkk..."
Man B "Hhh...! Lady Ladomira...!"
She wraps her tongue around the head of his cock as she sucks up her spit.
While doing this, she fingers the still-gushing holes of the dicks in her hands.
Man C "Ughhhhh...! Please jerk me off e-even harder!"
Ladomira "Hahahaha, do you want to cum that badly? In that case... you know what that means, right...?"
She flicks her tongue and moves her hands and hips slowly to tease the men.
Man A "Okay! For Lady Ladomira, I will give you a diamond necklace made of one hundred diamonds... I-I will buy that for you!"
Man B "I-I will create a fake pond in the palace garden! I'll fill that pond with alcohol... or if you wish, with cum!"
Man C "I have gathered virgin boys for you, Lady Ladomira...!"
Man D "I'll squeeze more taxes out of my people and give it all to you, Lady Ladomira...!"
Ladomira "Hahaha... Alright. I'll consider it."
Ladomira "So...? What are you going to do for me?"
Ladomira looks around, smiling alluringly at the bewildered onlookers.
Man E "Y-Yes! I will pillage more!"
Man F "I will kidnap women, build a brothel, and bring more wealth to the capital! I will gather whatever cocks you wish, Lady Ladomira!"
Man G "Lady Ladomira! Ah, our empress!"
There are dozens of men in the throne room right now jerking off and desiring to be fucked by Ladomira.
Of course, they aren't permitted to cum freely.
The man summoned by Ladomira looks coldly at the orgy from a distance.
Leader (Hmph... Unbelievable.)
This is the state of the modern Service Nation.
Those gathered here are powerful generals, politicians, merchants, and clergymen.
The humans who are in charge are themselves controlled by Ladomira in both body and mind.
Just as she looks, Empress Ladomira isn't a human.
She is a type of monster referred to by humans as Dark Ones. She is from the most intelligent of them, a tiefling.
A pure tiefling wouldn't have relations with humans or other creatures. Like the other Dark Ones, she was born deep underground.
Amongst tieflings, there is a special race known for their lewd powers----succubi.
Succubi can imprison men in pleasure and sensation. They are a race that can bring one down to extreme levels of debauchery and an untold amount of pleasure.
The Service Nation borders the dark lands of the north where the Dark Ones live, so many intelligent Dark Ones enter the Service Nation.
Succubi love the seed of males, so they become whores and sell their bodies for their own pleasure.
Ladomira was nothing more than an ordinary whore at a town brothel in the beginning.
Noticed by the former emperor, she rose from concubine to empress.
Finally, she turned the emperor into her puppet, and control of the Service Nation was completely handed over to her.
However, no matter how much it was of the emperor's will, there was no way that an ordinary whore could so easily rise to the throne.
The thing that helped her was the church, standing at the highest point in society.
Ladomira laid her eyes on the church and ensnared those in power to her will.
There was nobody left to fight back against her.
Ladomira accumulated a historic amount of power using the depravity swirling in the Service Nation to aid her.
And she took to the throne.
Even though the Service Nation is a place where women are treated like objects, she has become the first female leader of the Service Nation...
Man A "Lady Ladomira, please allow me to cum...!"
Ladomira "Hahaha, your face is so desperate... It's cute... Sckkk, lckkkk..."
Her eyes glimmer like a ferocious carnivore as she uses her entire body to pacify the fleshy rods.
Ladomira "Sckkk, pahhh... Delicious. There is real jizz mixed into your precum... Hahaha, in your cock too... Mmm!"
Man B "Khhh, her tail again...!"
Ladomira "Your balls are really swelling up as I prevent them from unleashing their load. You're building up a lot of cum in there for me, aren't you...?"
Ladomira "Hahh... This cock... hahaha, and this cock too... hahaha, I know they're just waiting to burst. Do you want to unleash your pungent cum all over my face that much?"
Man C "Y-Yes, Lady Ladomira...!"
Man D "I hate to ask too much... but I would definitely like to...!"
Ladomira "Oh, haha... Not on my face, you know? Make sure to aim for my mouth."
Ladomira "Will you let me savor your sticky jizz? Will it be so thick that it clings to my throat as I swallow it? Haha... haha, hahahaha..."
The body of a succubus is arousing to males. It has a paralyzing effect on their thoughts.
There is arousing power in her glimmering eyes. Those bewitched would sacrifice anything to try to grant her wish.
No ordinary human can resist the power of a succubus.
In this room right now there are only two that can keep their wits about them... The man who just returned from his hunt and another...
Bishopess ".................."
The other is a woman clad in a bishop's uniform standing against the wall.
Ladomira "Hahahahaha..."
Suddenly, Ladomira turns her gaze to the female bishop.
She turns a sharp glare back at Ladomira as if to say she has no respect for the empress.
Ladomira "Don't you want to join in soon as well? Eleonora..."
Eleonora "No... I have no such desire."
The female bishop shakes her head quietly keeping her face stiff.
It is true that Ladomira's powers have difficulty affecting women, but that is not to say that they have no effect at all. If they were to gaze into each other's eyes long enough, she could force women to get aroused.
The only thing that keeps Eleonora's demeanor is her strength of will.
Ladomira smiles at seeing Eleonora like that.
Ladomira "Hahahaha, what are you holding back for? I'm telling you that we can have lots of fun together."
Ladomira "Hey, look. There are thick cocks, hard cocks, and long cocks. You can have your pick of the lot, you know? I don't mind if you use any cock however you like, you know?"
Eleonora "Please don't say something so trite. I have granted my body to the Goddess."
Ladomira "Enough... I don't hate that part about you, but you do know that way of thinking is strange in my nation, right?"
Eleonora "Tch..."
Ladomira looks at the men around her.
There are many among the men who are disgracing themselves around her that are powerful members of the church.
Eleonora looks down unable to speak.
Ladomira "Oh..."
Ladomira turns her interest from Eleonora to another person.
Ladomira "Derek, you've already come. In that case, you really should have made yourself known."
Derek "My apologies. You looked busy."
Derek is different from the other men here, he only feigns politeness.
Ladomira's powers are still not effective on Derek.
But Ladomira finds that interesting. She has grown tired of men always doing whatever she says.
Derek is known for just how thick, hard, and enduring his schlong is. He truly outclasses all other human men.
Ladomira "Hahaha, well, that's fine. Of course, you can also participate in the orgy, you know?"
Derek "If it is an order."
Derek shows no emotion to Ladomira's invitation.
That is enough for Ladomira.
Ladomira "Then, wait there. I'll squeeze the loads from these cocks right away..."
Ladomira turns her alluring smile back to the horny men around her after saying such to Derek.
Ladomira "Well... will you unleash a torrent of your seed that you've been building up in those balls for me?"
Ladomira "Hmmm, mmm... sllllrrrrp, muah, sckkkk, sckkkkk!"
Man A "Wahhhh!?"
Ladomira works with no concern for the state of the men.
She uses her lips, crotch, and hands to bring the dicks to climax all at once.
Ladomira "Sckkkkk, sckkkkk, lckkkk, muah, lckkk, sckkkkk! Ngh, sckkk, hahhh... mmmm! Hahh, hnghhh!"
Man A "Ahhh, Lady Ladomira! You're snorting like that a-and making such an indecent face... as you suck on my cock...!"
Ladomira "Mhngh, hahaha... Your cock is getting harder and harder... Sckkk, sckkk, sckkkk! Sckkkk, sckkk, sllllrrrrp!"
The sound of her high-speed blowjob echo throughout the room.
She quickly jerks the two cocks in her hands, rubbing them with their own precum. Her vaginal canal constricts and squeezes tight around the dick inside of her too.
Man B "Hhhh, I-I'm doing to cum!?"
Ladomira "Hhh, hngh! Good. You have my permission...! Sckkk, sckkkk, sckkk, sckkkk, sckkkk...!"
Ladomira "Shoot your, muah, manly jizz...! Sckkkkk... nghhhhh! Shoot every last drop of your semen...!"
Man C "I'm cumming! Take my load, Lady Ladomira!"
Ladomira "Sckkkkkkkkk, sckkkkkkkkk! Sckkkkkk, slllllrrrrrrp! Slllllrrrrrp, sckkkkkk! Sckkkkkkkkk!!"
She sticks his cock as deep into her mouth as she can, sucking on it hard. Her graceful fingers white with precum run from the base of their cocks to the tip in one fluid motion.
The men tremble at the pleasure.
Splllllrrrrt! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhh! Bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhh!")
Ladomira "Ohhhhhhhh! Nghhh, bpffff... pahhh... khnghhhh!"
The hips of the men spasm as they unleash the cum that has built up inside of them.
Ladomira's pussy, throat, and the rest of her body are showered in thick white cum as she is intoxicated by the taste of jizz.
Man B "Ahhhhh!? She's sucking on me...!"
Man A "I'm being sucked on!?"
Ladomira "Nghhhhh, nghhh, hahh, hahhh! Mfff, hngh... glggg, glggg, nghhhh!"
Man A "Hahh, hahh..."
Ladomira "Sckkk!!"
Man A "Hnghhhh!?"
Splllrrrt! Bshhh, gshhh! Gshhhh, bshhh, bshhh! Bshhhhhh!")
Man C "L-Lady Ladomira...! You're jerking me off too much...! Hhhh, hhhhhh!"
Ladomira "Mmmff, hnghhh, muah, sckkk! Mffngh, glgg... sckkk, glgg!"
The men wail as they continue to cum for an unbelievably long time.
Ladomira smiles taking their loads as though she were being showered in high-class wine.
She drinks down their jizz and squeezes every last drop out into her pussy as she continues to be showered.
Man E "I'm also still...! Khhhh...!"
Gshhhh! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhh!")
Ladomira "Hahahaha..."
Man F "My hand keeps moving on its own...!"
Ladomira "Muah, sckkkk... hahh...!"
The masturbating men also continue to jerk themselves off far past their will to do so, seeking the thrill of further ejaculation.
The men cannot take their eyes away from her persistently sucking on the cock in front of her.
Man B "Hhhh, e-enough...! You're sucking me dry!"
Ladomira "Yes, I'm squeezing every last drop out... Sckkk, sckkkk, nghhh, sckkk, sckkkk!"
Ladomira "Nghhhh... muah, muah... muah, sckkkk... sckkkkk... ngh, glgg..."
Ladomira finally shows signs of ceasing her sucking.
However, Ladomira still doesn't let go of the cocks.
She continues to slurp up the cum with her holes while lightly stroking the dicks in her hands.
Her pussy contracts as though pumping up the cum, and she uses her tail to get every last drop of cum out of the cock in her pussy.
Man A "Hahh... L-Lady Ladomira... Uhhh, e-even if you squeeze that hard... n-no more will come out...!"
Ladomira "Hahahaha... Don't cry now, muah, ngh, sckkk..."
The men gasp, but their cocks remain erect.
They are physically reaching their limits, but Ladomira's hypnotic charms allow them to produce new cum with shocking force.
But...
Ladomira "Muah, hnghhh, sckkk... sckkk, sckkk...!"
Man B "Uhh... khhh... hhh!?"
The abnormal ejaculation seems to have robbed them of control.
Ladomira removes the dick from her mouth, she looks at the man in front of her.
The man in her pussy has completely fallen unconscious after cumming. Bubbles drip out from his mouth, and he spasms with a smile on his face.
The men she is jerking off and the men jerking themselves off are only half conscious and staggering.
Ladomira "Hahahaha... The people in charge of countries are quite troubled. Aren't you a bit sloven?"
Cum hangs from Ladomira's lips as she smiles happily.
And she gazes at Derek.
Ladomira "How about it, Derek? You can pleasure me more, can't you?"
Derek "Of course, my liege."
Ladomira "Then, remove your clothes quickly. That clunky armor, and of course, your underwear too..."
Ladomira breaks into a smile imagining his toned body.
Ladomira "Well, please clean up those useless cocks already. The main course is Derek, but you will try a little harder as a bit of a snack on the side, right?"
Boy A "Y-Yes... as you command..."
Ladomira "Hahhhh... Right, your cock is just as splendid as I thought... Hahahahaha..."
Derek stands in front of Ladomira as though flaunting his crotch.
Ladomira's face is red with lust. Sweat breaths escape from her lips as she gazes at his towering cock.
Ladomira "Oh my... The pungent scent coming from it because of all your fighting in that armor... Hahh... It's driving me mad. Your cock is fucking amazing..."
Derek "It will be an honor, my liege."
Derek's voice is calm.
Ladomira's natural charms, body odor, and gaze don't show any signs of influence.
But his cock is bulging with veins and is so erect that it spasms.
The odor coming off his huge schlong is nearly visible it's so dense. Ladomira brings her face closer to it like a butterfly brought in by the scent of a flower.
Ladomira "Mm... mmm, hnnnn... snfffffff, hahhh..."
The tip of her nose approaches, and she smells the head of his cock with her lips close enough that they're nearly touching his dong. Derek's huge cock trembles possibly because her breath is subtly moving it.
Ladomira "Haha, Derek, you're amazing. Today, you made a girl cry with your cock, right?"
Derek "Hahh... You know me well."
Ladomira "Of course I do. I can smell the blood of the girl you deflowered and the intense stench of pussy juices... Yes, I understand everything."
Ladomira "You mercilessly raped a mother protecting her daughter, and then you mercilessly took her daughter's innocence when she failed, right...? Hahaha... With this huge cock..."
Ladomira says that in a sing-songy fashion and the beautiful tip of her nose rubs against the red head of his cock.
Ladomira "I see everything, you know? The scent of ripe cunt and the scent of a young girl have permeated into your cock..."
Derek "Hah..."
She rubs the tip of her nose against the head of his cock, which is about the size of her own arm, and it bounces.
Pleasure shakes within Ladomira's chest.
Ladomira "You're mine... You work for me, so I need to reward your cock..."
Ladomira "Hmmm, ungh... sllllrrp, nghhh... sckkkk, sckkkkkk... sckkkkkkk! Mfff, hngh! Slllrrrp, sckkkkk!"
Ladomira puts Derek's huge cock into her mouth and quickly moves her head back and forth to pleasure his cock.
She rubs the head of his dick against the inside of her cheeks. Her entire mouth savors the intense flavor coming off his dick.
Ladomira "Sckkkk, sckkkk... sllllrrrrrp, sckkkk! Sckkk, sckkkk... lckkkkk, sllllrrrrp... bah, sckkk... lckkkk, slllllrrrrp..."
She strokes his pole with her lips while digging the head of his cock into her cheeks. She runs her tongue along the rugged shape of his cock.
Even the battled-hardened general is shocked by her oral technique.
Ladomira "Sckkkk, sckkk, pahhh, hahh... nghhh, you... are also quite erect, you know? Sckkk, muah, gpfff, sckkkk!"
Man E "Yes... of course."
Man F "Ahhh... You're so good, Lady Ladomira...!"
Ladomira uses both of her hands to stroke the cocks of men who until recently were masturbating.
If the cocks that had just ejaculated can cum on her hands, they immediately swell to the point of splitting.
Ladomira glances at the man beneath her own ass.
Ladomira "Haha, sllllrrrp, sllllrrrp... hahhh, ah... How long do you intend to sleep? Move your hips... Hahh, thrust up into my cunt...!"
Man B "Khhh...! Hhh...!"
The man is caught in her pussy. He is still unconscious.
But his penis grows erect again at Ladomira's demand, and it thrusts up deeply into her hot, wet pussy.
Ladomira envelops his cock with her supple pussy while moving her hips back and forth.
Of course, she doesn't let Derek's cock leave her mouth.
Ladomira "Slllllrrrrp.... mmm, pah, slllrp... sckkkk... nghhhh, mffff... slllllrrrrrp... sllllrrrp... sckkk... hahahaha..."
Drool drips from her mouth as she sucks Derek's cock, provoking snorting all the while.
She sucks on his dick with her lips and cheek, pushing them to the point of vulgar deformity.
Regardless of this, her face is still beautiful and alluring.
A purple light sparkles in her eyes as she tries to grab hold of Derek's heart.
Derek "Hahh... haha..."
Ladomira "Hmm? Do you like that, Derek?"
Derek looks down at her with cold eyes and smiles.
Ladomira's chest flutters with excitement at his bravery to not step down even to the empress.
Derek "My liege, you've been waiting for my cock, haven't you? In that case, I'll fuck your throat just as you please."
Ladomira "Oh, phngh! Bah, kbfff! Sckkk, sckkk, bah, sckkk! Sckkk, muah, sckkk, sckkk, mmmm!"
Derek pushes down on Ladomira's head and thrusts his hips hard.
The heat and hardness of his cock cannot compare to an ordinary one.
He mercilessly fucks her throat.
His huge cock is enough to make even a tiefling like Ladomira cry from the pain. He thrusts with suitable ferocity for the nature of his massive schlong.
Ladomira takes it happily.
She moves her neck to match Derek's movements and fits his entire dick into her mouth.
Ladomira "Sckkkk, sckkkk! Sckkkkk, sckkkk, nghhhh... sckkkkkkk!"
While moving her throat to stroke the cock in her mouth and tightening her lips around the base of it, vulgar vacuuming sounds echo through the room.
She moves her head back and forth while pressing on his cock with her throat.
Derek's dick heats up the inside of Ladomira's mouth.
Ladomira "Nghhhhh, sckkkkk, sckkkk, muah, sckkk! Muah, sckkkk, sckkk, shllllrrrrp...!"
Ladomira sucks hard as Derek continues to thrust rapidly.
Ladomira's brain is shaken by the tremendous force brought by the thick cock in the back of her throat.
Ladomira "Bahhhh!? Bhhhhh! That's nice, Derek...! Mmm, nghhh! Bgllllrrrp!"
Ladomira "Bah, hahhh, you're fucking my throat and mouth...! Ahhhhh, nghhh, nghhhh, sckkkkkk!"
Ladomira is immersed in the pleasure of having her throat fucked by such a huge and powerful cock as Derek continues to stick it deeper and deeper.
The waves of feelings boiling up inside of her rush through her hands holding the cocks of other men as well as her crotch.
Man F "Lady Ladomira... I-I feel like I'm already going to cum!"
Ladomira "Nghhh, nghhhh, hnghhh, hnghhh!"
Ladomira's excitement leads to her hands increasing speed, urging the men getting jerked off to their limits.
Ladomira sucks even more intensely on Derek's dick without responding.
While doing that, Ladomira's hands and pussy also squeeze tighter on the cocks within them while urging them to ejaculate.
Ladomira "Sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkk! Gpfff, gpffff! Sllllllrrrrrp, gpfffff!"
Man E "Khhh... Lady Ladomira! I can't take it!"
Ladomira "Pah, hahh, it's fine...! Hahh, Derek, you also feel like you're going to cum soon, right? Hurry up and pour your cum down my throat...!"
Ladomira "Ngh, hnghhh, ngh, hahhh, sckkk, sckkk, shlllrp! Slllrrp, pah, gpffff! Sckkkkk!"
While listening to the men moan from being pushed past their limits, Ladomira focuses on sucking Derek's dick as hard as she can.
Derek's cock bounces about to the point that it feels as though it's going to pop out of Ladomira's mouth despite how hard she's sucking on it.
Gshhhhhhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhh! Gshhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhh!")
Ladomira "Nghh, pahhhhhhh!? Nghhhh, mmm, khhh, mgffffffff!"
Derek's final blow burns up Ladomira's throat.
The cum slams into her throat, flowing down into her stomach.
Ladomira "Ughhhh, gahhhh, nghhhh! Nghhh, pahhhh... slllllrrrp, nghhhhh! Sckkkkk, sckkkk, glgg, glggg, nghhhh!"
Ladomira's eyes open up wide from the immense for of his load, but she snorts with excitement, swallowing it all down.
There is nothing better tasting for her than thick cum.
She'll never get sick of drinking it down. The force of his load imparts unforgettable pain to her. It's so sticky that she has to struggle to swallow it down.
And her tongue feels like it's melting. Her head is overwhelmed by the scent and taste.
The other men also cum again onto Ladomira as she savors the taste of Derek's cum.
Man E "M-Me too... Lady Ladomira!"
Man F "I'm cumming...!"
Spllllllrrrt! Bshhh, bshhhh!")
Ladomira "Nghhh, hnghhh! Nghhhhh... hahhhh, nghhhhhh!"
They're inferior to Derek's huge load, but their cum shoots all over Ladomira's face, hair, tits, ass, and wings, making her completely white.
The fainted man's cock also cums for the second time inside her pussy.
Laodmira's body is filled with jizz, making her all the more intoxicated.
Derek shoots a huge amount of cum, forcing Ladomira's throat open again.
Spllllrrrt! Gshhhh! Gshhhhh!")
Ladomira "Ughhhhhh! Ohhhh, nghhh, ghhhh, nghhhhh, glgg! Sckkkk, nghhh, glggg... glgggg! Nghhhhhhhh!"
Ladomira struggles to swallow the insane amount of cum and some of it bubbles out around her mouth.
Ladomira trembles and moans orgasmically from the insanely thick cum without removing Derek's cock from her mouth.
Ladomira "Nghhh, pahh... hahh, haha... sllllrrrrrp... lckkk, muah, pah... sckkkkkkk... sllllrrrrp... pah, hahhh..."
She carefully sucks every last drop out of his urethra.
Even Derek trembles in pain from having his dick sucked while he's not ejaculating.
Ladomira smiles up at Derek, continuing to suck hard on his cock.
Ladomira "Glgg, glgg... gpfff... sckkkkk, sckkk, sllllrrrrp...!"
Ladomira... as a succubus she will never know satisfaction no matter how much pleasure she receives.
There is no limit to her desire.
She is ravenous for cum. Her mind and body just get more and more excited as she seeks pleasure endlessly. This is the fate of all succubi.
Man G "Lady Ladomira... Fuck us next..."
Man B "Y-Yeah, me too..."
More men gather, taken in by Ladomira's entracing gaze.
However, Ladomira ignores them and just sucks more on Derek's cock.
Ladomira "Sckkk... sckkk, sckkk... hahahahaha... As I thought, your cock is the best, Derek. Then, will you put your cum in my womb next?"
Derek "My liege, I'm truly sorry, but would it be okay for you to fucked one of these other men at this time?"
Ladomira "Ngh... sckkk... pahh, pahhhh... What? Are you saying that you're going to retreat already? You're pathetic, Derek."
Never expecting to be denied, she gazes up at Derek.
If he were a normal man, he'd be uncontrollably horny, but Derek is still calm.
Derek "I have work that I really must attend to. If this goes on too long, I'll regret not dealing with it sooner."
Ladomira "Oh? You choose your work over me? In that case, I order you to quit right away. You will become my man whore from now on."
Derek "I'm filled with honor, but I ask that you understand that my work is to hunt for girls and treasure for you my liege."
Ladomira "Truly... You really are a proud man to think you can deny my order, aren't you, Derek?"
She says that, but she smiles. It appears she wasn't actually serious.
Ladomira looks up at Derek with a smile on her face.
Ladomira "I'll let you go this time. However, after you must come back. I will kill my time with these fools until then."
Derek "Understood..."
Derek lowers his head courteously, and Ladomira once again kisses the tip of his cock as a signal of her permission.
Ladomira "Well, whose cock is going to pleasure me next?"
Man I "M-Me...!"
Man J "I'll be next...!!"
Men jump over each other to be Ladomira's next partner.
Derek pulls away from Ladomira.
Derek (For fuck sakes...)
Ladomira doesn't look at Derek as she begins to suck on a new cock thrust before her.
............
......
...
#00_op005
Luka "Good work, General."
Derek "Yes."
Derek nods cheerfully to Luka. She has been waiting by the door the whole time.
Luka's face creases at the sweat and foul scent coming off of Derek.
Luka "Our empress was the same as always, huh?"
Derek "That woman will never change."
Luka "Yes..."
Derek just speaks the truth.
As a tiefling, Ladomira seeks the pleasures of sex more freely than anybody else.
The Service Nation is the only place that would allow such a thing.
Ladomira also is the only one with the power to be allowed such a thing.
Because there is nobody that can stop her.
Derek (At least for now...)
Derek smiles slightly at the thoughts running through his mind.
This is the Service Nation. If you have power, anybody can behave however they want.
Ladomira has more power than anybody else, so it is natural for her to do whatever she wants.
Derek (But this is the Service Nation. All women will perform tasks of sexual pleasure.)
The empress pleasures the men of the country as a more wonderful sex slave than any other, so there is no issue.
Despite that, the opposite is also now true.
Derek (Yes, that's right. You are the only one who holds such power. But how long will that continue?)
The true holder of power will take the throne and return the Service Nation to the way it's supposed to be.
Derek is laying the groundwork for that end.
Before long, his work will bear fruit.
Derek (At that time...)
Derek walks alongside Luka. He hears steps following behind him breaking off his thoughts. He turns to meet them.
Eleonora "Lord Derek. Derek Rondo, won't you give me a moment of your time?"
The female bishop from the audience room is the one who called out to him.
Eleonora Bern is an influential noble even in the Service Nation. She works for the church now.
The church is a religious organization composed of those that believe in the Goddess Larentia. It holds a large amount of influence on Serenus's north and west where the Service Nation is located.
The church's original teachings were that the Goddess Larentia sacrificed herself to save the people. She advocated for solemnity and selfless service.
But in the Service Nation, these teachings have been conveniently perverted. The church hungers for pleasure and encourages its believers to selflessly give themselves to that cause.
Derek (She voiced resistance to the current situation.)
Eleonora is the only one in the corrupted church that has formed in the Service Nation that clings to the original teachings.
It's not just that. She advocates her beliefs despite the pain to the upper members of the church and Ladomira.
In another country, it would be a logical and sound argument, but in the Service Nation, it is an abhorrent thought. There are many who wish to alienate the poor bishop.
However, Eleonora has strong support from her people, so there is merit in using her as a gas valve to deal with slight discontent. That is why she has not been removed from the church.
Eleonora obeys her own ideals today as well. She speaks to Derek based on those beliefs.
Eleonora "I heard that we've attacked other nations again."
Derek "We have not. It is just an aspect of our economic activities suited for our nation."
Derek's cold eyes meet her melancholic and critical gaze.
Derek "We invited some new whore and built a new brothel. Men from other nations will come to that brothel to spend money. We did a good job."
Eleonora "Invited?"
Derek "Yes."
Eleonora "By invited you mean that you burned down their village and dragged them from their homes... Wouldn't it be more accurate to say that you kidnapped them?"
Eleonora speaks without fear, gazing directly into Derek's eyes.
There is great sincerity in her posturing, but it is also overly aggressive.
All Derek can do is smile.
Derek "It is necessary, so I did it."
Eleonora "Haven't you clearly done too much? Do you intend to burn down every town that neighbors the Service Nation?"
Derek "You should be admonishing our liege. I just dedicate myself to my knightly duties. The acts you equate to plunder are merely orders from on high."
He's lying.
He is being ordered to attack towns, but he isn't told to burn them to ash.
There are many who have criticized him for doing too much.
But for Derek, burning down the villages is one piece of groundwork for his plan.
Eleonora shouldn't know that fact. She speaks to him with a sincere look in her eyes.
Eleonora "I'm requesting this of you."
Derek "Hmm...?"
Derek's smile deepens, and he strokes his chin.
Despite just doing that, it's a brutal enough reaction to make even a big man flinch.
Naturally, Eleonora is also taken aback, but she continues to speak through gritted teeth in order to not run away.
Eleonora "At least, even if you're the only knight, wouldn't it be possible to stop this inappropriate plundering?"
Derek "Inappropriate plundering? However, I must also reward my subordinates for doing their jobs."
Derek brings his face close to Eleonora's.
Eleonora's shoulders are trembling beyond their control. A low laugh reaches her ears.
Derek "If you pleasured my subordinates, perhaps I'll consider what you've said."
Eleonora "Khh... Please bring your subordinates to the church. The Goddess Larentia's teachings will certainly ease their hearts."
Derek "You have been telling the funniest jokes recently."
Eleonora "Khh..."
Eleonora's expression stiffens at his mocking laughter.
Her hands and feet get colder s her heart begins to beat all the faster from fear and nervousness.
But she looks up at him without averting her gaze.
The oppressiveness coming off of Derek suddenly goes away possibly as a result of her action.
Derek "Hah... Why have you gotten so stiff? I praised you for telling a good joke, though."
Eleonora "............"
Eleonora lets out a light breath and rubs her chest.
But it cannot be said that her words are a joke. She feels bitter and frustrated.
Derek smiles coldly as he speaks to Eleonora.
Derek "I know your kindness well. But if you stick your neck where it doesn't belong, it will no longer just be a joke."
Eleonora "Is that a threat...?"
Derek "It's just some advice. I also have kindness in my heart."
Derek smiles as he speaks. He turns and walks away to indicate that the conversation is already over.
Eleonora is stiff and consumed with fear for a few moments before she calls back out to him.
Eleonora "Please wait. I still have..."
Luka "......"
Derek doesn't turn around let alone stop walking.
However, he gives his subordinate a menacing glance.
Eleonora "Hahh..."
Derek and company disappear from view. Eleonora's expression grows dark, and she sighs over her own powerlessness.
Her whole body feels stiff as she shrinks from the unbelievable nervousness.
She breathes deeply while holding her own body.
Beastman Child "Ah, umm..."
Eleonora "Eh?"
She lifts her face at the fearful voice she hears.
A nervous young boy with soft, furry ears peeking out of the top of his head is there. His body is hidden in the shadows, but his tail can be seen wagging.
He is a type of beastman known as a foxfolk.
Eleonora notices that the young boy is blocking her path.
Eleonora "Ah, excuse me."
When she tries to pass, the boy smiles and gives a slight bow. Eleonora tries to walk past him.
The audience room is at the other end of the corridor.
As soon as she thinks of that, she notices something unnatural about the young boy.
Beastman Child "Uh, uhh..."
His cheeks are red. He's crying.
The long ears and tail are characteristic of the foxfolk, but the hair of his are all standing on end.
It seems as though he's desperately trying to keep something down.
Eleonora "Ah, umm... were you called... by the empress?"
Beastman Child "Eh? Y-Yes... That's right."
The boy says it as though it were obvious, but there is something a little odd in his positive response.
Eleonora purses her lips.
A never-ending orgy is occurring in the audience room now.
In other words, the boy is to participate in just such a thing.
Eleonora (I must stop him, but...)
She hopes that somehow this boy will listen to her if she pours out her heart. She might be able to stop him from entering the audience room.
But surely there would be a punishment for violating the empress's order.
It would be fine if Eleonora was punished. She could endure it.
But surely the one to be punished would be the young boy.
Eleonora can't stop that.
Eleonora "Be careful... okay?"
Beastman Child "Yes!"
The boy responds energetically before continuing to head off to the audience room.
Eleonora feels a pang of pain as she sees the innocent figure leave.
The sound of his small distant footsteps only leaves her with dark thoughts.
Night falls over the capital.
The sleepless streets are filled with the cheers of men and the moans and wails of women.
Eleonora "What is that noise..."
She walks about, wishing she could close her ears to the noise around her.
The citizens that notice Eleonora all smile and bow their heads to her.
Of course, it is because Eleonora is a high-ranking member of the church.
If it weren't for that, a woman walking alone at this time of night would be raped by a violent ruffian or kidnapped and sold into sexual slavery.
Eleonora (Has everybody... forgotten their virtues here...?)
Her face clouds with melancholy.
The church she works for supports this city of vice from the shadows.
The church is corrupted and already beyond hope.
According to the original teachings of the church, the Goddess Larentia tried to save all people including the poor and crippled.
But the sect of the church in the Service Nation has none of its former simplicity and beauty.
150 years ago, the church began to be degraded by the wicked plot of the Mercenary King, Vult. The empress, Ladomira, has now taken his place and has already completely rid the church of any holy virtues.
Now, the church is just a tool for validating special forms of service.
She is struggling alone to reform the church as it is now, but the reformation is slow to make any progress.
Eleonora (A brute like Derek Rondo is in charge of the knights... He's been appointed to such a high position...)
If he saw an opportunity, even she could fall victim to him.
Eleonora (But the Goddess cannot abandon this place of vice.)
Eleonora works hard to return the church to a place of temperance.
The number of people who are willing to listen to what she has to say is slowly increasing.
Eleonora (I'll return the church to the way it should be. It is my mission to fulfill... In that case, if I don't lead this city to the right path...)
Her unshakable integrity sits in her heart as she walks the streets of the debaucherous city alone.
Boy A "Ah, Lady Eleonora, welcome home!"
Boy B "Welcome home, Lady Eleonora."
The slums are filled with thick, murky air.
The ones that come to see Eleonora is neither a bandit nor a rapist but some young children with hopeful voices.
The children hug her and tug on her hands as though asking her to listen to them.
Eleonora smiles bitterly and pats the children on their heads.
Of course, she doesn't forget to say a word to them.
Eleonora "Well, children, you're still up? Shouldn't you be in bed at this time?"
Boy C "That's what we have to tell you. We're not children any longer."
Boy D "Listen, listen, Lady Eleonora, umm, this guy..."
Boy C "Ah, don't say anything unnecessary!"
The children are noisy and surround Eleonora.
Eleonora looks at them with a smile on her face.
There isn't just the darkness of the night in the slum but also the darkness of hopelessness and weakness hanging heavy in the air.
However, that darkness is kept away only around Eleonora due to the warm light she seems to exude.
Both adults and children gather around her because they're attracted by her light.
Everybody is so shabby looking, but Eleonora's eyes are filled with mercy as she looks at them.
They look back at her with respect in their eyes.
Boy E "Hey, Lady Eleonora, I'm hungry."
Eleonora "Yes, I'm sorry, it has gotten late. Then, everybody, shall I help you prepare dinner today?"
Children "Yes please!"
The children answer her with a lot of energy.
Adults and the elderly smile and give out cheap food.
Eleonora responds with a smile of her own and walks toward the church leading the weak people.
Boy A "Lady Eleonora, thank you."
Old Man A "It is thanks to you that we can somehow keep going..."
Eleonora "My power... What is important is belief in the Goddess and the following of the faith."
Old Man A "Yes..."
Eleonora "Hahaha..."
Their late-night worship ends, and she sees the people leaving the church.
Their expressions are even brighter than before they came here.
It consoles Eleonora's heart.
Man A "Thank you for today."
Eleonora "Yes, thank you for coming as well."
Another man comes to shake Eleonora's hand and express his gratitude.
Eleonora gently grabs his hand with both of hers before seeing him off.
When she has seen off the final person, Eleonora clenches a scrap of paper placed into her hand.
She looks around her, and after confirming nobody is around, opens the folded piece of paper.
Eleonora "Khh..."
Her face stiffens in an instant even though it had been filled with such light until just a moment before.
A wretched sigh escapes from her mouth.
Eleonora "I didn't think this would be over..."
Eleonora looks to the sky, muttering sadly.
#00_op006h_luc01
Luka "Muah, pah... lckk, lckk... lckkk, lckkk... lckkkk... lckkkkk..."
This is the guardhouse under the command of Derek.
Bottles of booze are lined up on the shelves like it's a bar. They're also scattered all over the table.
Various documents and maps are pinned to the wall. It's like an attempt to insist that this isn't a bar but a knight's guardhouse.
However, what is happening in the guardhouse now isn't something that you'd say would happen to a guardhouse, but it's also not something you'd say would happen in an ordinary bar.
Luka "Ngh, sckkk... lckkk... sckkkk... lckkk, lckkk, lckkk... lckkkk... pah, muah, lckkk..."
Soldier A "Oh, that's nice! Pay more attention to the tip."
Several soldiers are circling Luka with their cocks exposed.
Luka doesn't act like she dislikes what's going on. Rather she grabs cocks and runs her tongue along them like she's well-acquainted with them.
A complacent soldier just gives her a glance, and she licks the tips of his cock with her tongue just like he desires.
Luka "Lckkkkk... ngh, hahh... muah, lckkk, ngh, lckkk... hahh, lckkk, sckkk, lckkkkk... lckkk, lckk, lckkk, lckkk..."
Of course, that doesn't mean this is what Luka desires. Derek ordered her to do this, so she is just obeying him.
Luka has been serving Derek longer than any of these soldiers here now. It could be said that she's Derek's closest guard.
Derek has great trust in her as a spy, scout, and assassin.
It is only because Derek asked her to deal with his soldier's sexual needs that she's doing this now.
Luka "Hahh... lckkk, ngh, muah, muah, muah, sckkk... lckkk, sckkkk...!"
Soldier A "Ohhhh, good... Suck it more..."
Luka "Hngh, so demanding... Ngh, sllllrrrp... muh, sllllrrrrp...! Sckkkkk, ngh, muah, sllllrrrrp!"
Vulgar-sucking sounds ring out as she sucks on the head of his cock with her plump lips.
She sucks on the tip of it with her lips while stimulating his sensitive urethra with her tongue movements.
The soldier shoots his hot pleasure into her as his hips tremble.
Luka "Sllllrrrrp, lckkk, lckkkk, lckkk, lckkkk, ngh, muah, sckkk..."
Soldier A "Khhh... Y-You're certainly well-trained!"
Soldier B "I want her to lick it with more enjoyment on her face, though. Like she was licking the commander's cock."
Luka "............"
Luka raises an eyebrow at his words.
She looks up at him and squeezes his cock just a bit harder.
Luka "Are you trying to say that you think your crude dick compares to the general's?"
Soldier B "Uh... S-Shit... That's unfair."
Soldier C "Hahaha, you've got a micro penis next to the commander's."
The soldier suddenly gets excited at Luka's retort.
Luka lightly snorts and jerks the soldier's cock while looking at the dick in front of her.
Luka "There's no need for me to take a flirtatious attitude to make you guys cum. I'll just stick it deep down my throat like usual, so you'll cum right away."
Luka glances back up at the man as she says that. She slowly opens her mouth as though flaunting her lips.
Luka "Mm... ngh, ngh, ngh, nghhhh... pah..."
Soldier A "Ohh! Khhh...!"
Luka puts the soldier's cock all the way into her mouth acting as though it's too big for her tiny mouth.
Her nostrils flare, the breaths coming out of them tickling the man's crotch.
His body grows stiff from the heat of her mouth and the sensation of the tongue wriggling around inside, making him look up at the ceiling.
Luka looks back down and grabs two cocks with both of her hands as she moves her head back and forth.
Luka "Sllllrrrrp, nghhh, sllllrrrp, sllllrrrp... nghhh, kpfff... sckkk, kpffff..."
Soldier A "Ah, ah, ah... Incredible!"
Luka "Sllllrrrrp, sckkkk... nghhhh, hnghhh... ngh, sllllrrrp, hahh, ungh! Hahh, hahh... nghhh, hahh, hahhh...!"
Soldier C "Ahhh, your handjob is too good..."
The soldier's mouth goes slack as he enjoys Luka's handiwork.
Luka strokes the precum-drenched cock down to its base using her thumb to play with its head.
She envelops the head of his cock, moving slightly up and down and stroking all around the head.
Of course, she doesn't stop moving her head the entire time.
Her tight lips stroke the veiny cock in her mouth.
Luka "Sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrp, sckkk, kpfff, ngh, hnghhh... muah, sckkk... hahhh, mmm... kpfff, pah..."
Soldier A "Ahhhh, fuck! I feel like I'm already going to cum! You just fucking hit a guy in his weak points... Shit! Am I really going to cum that easily...!?"
Luka "Sllllrrrp, ngh, pahh, c'mon... Don't say such stupid shit. How about you just cum quickly? I got other dudes to get off."
Soldier A "No, I don't want to! I want to enjoy this pleasure a little longer... Khhh, t-there, uhhh, feels so good...!"
Luka "Muah, lckkk, sckkk, muah, ngh... ngh, lckkk, lckkk, lckkk, lckkk, ngh... muah..."
Luka momentarily removes the dick from her mouth and cots it with the saliva that's built up in her mouth by licking the head with her tongue.
Luka is aware that this soldier likes having his cock licked in such a sloppy fashion.
Her tongue is dripping with spit as she runs it along his pole.
She licks the tip of his cock like she's scooping up his precum with her tongue, causing his dick to bounce around.
Luka understands without him saying. She slowly places her lips upon his cock.
Luka "Ngh... muah, muah, muah, sckkkk, muah, muah...!"
Soldier A "Khh, uh, ohhh...!"
He thinks that Luka is going to gently kiss his cock, but she sucks up his precum forcefully.
The soldier writhes from the pleasure, making his head twist and writhe.
Luka "Mmmm... ngh, bah, khhh ngh, hahh, hahh, hahh..."
Luka shoves his dick deep into her mouth. It's like she's telling him to cum quickly.
Having his dick rubbed by the walls of her esophagus causes it to writhe inside of her mouth.
Luka gets a hold of her breathing and starts to move her head back and forth quickly.
Luka "Ngh... hngh, slllrrrp, muah... ngh, ngh, ngh, ngh, hahh...! Slllrrrp, slllrrrp, pah, sllllrrrp..."
Her lips cling to his cock as she strokes his burly cock.
Spit drips from her mouth, creating a string of saliva dripping down. As though she doesn't care, she looks forward as she sucks his cock, urging him toward ejaculation.
Luka "Sckkk, sckkkk, sckkkkkk...! Ngh, muah, sckk, sckkkk, ngh, sckkkk, sckkk, muah!"
Luka "Pahhh, hahh, oh, how is it? Do you feel like you're going to cum soon? Nghhh, nghhh, sckkk, muah, sckkk...!"
Soldier A "Khhhh, o-oh no, I'm going to endure...!"
Luka sucks the head of his cock while rubbing it.
The man moans in pleasure as she gently rubs it.
Luka glances up at the happy soldier as she hastens the speed of her hand.
Luka "Mfff, hngh, ngh, hngh... ngh, slllrrrp... sckkk, kpfff, pah, ngh, bahhh, pahhh, bpfff..."
Soldier C "Agh... Shit! I'm also about to...!"
His precum smears all over everything.
The sticky fluid gets her gloves all wet as she hastily moves her hands up and down.
The sticky sounds echo loudly through the room.
Luka "Ngh, fmm, slllrrrp, sllllrrrp... hngh, ngh... hahh, you're going to cum soon, right? Ngh, glgg, ngh... sllllrrrp, bah, sckkkkkk..."
Luka "Muah, sckkkk, you don't need to keep holding back... Sllllrrrp, cum quickly... Sckkkk, muah, sckkkkkk!"
Luka's breaths are pained, and her brow wrinkles, but she doesn't loosen her grip.
She caresses the cocks on both sides of her as she powerfully sucks the pole in her mouth.
Soldier C "Ohh, then, as you wish...!"
Soldier B "Me too... I'm going all over your face!"
Luka "Sllllrrrp, sllllrrrp... mfff, ngh, sllllrrrrp, sckkkk..."
Soldier A "Uhhhh, I'm going to cum too! I can cum inside of your mouth, right?"
Luka "Pahhh, fmmmm, y-yeah... Do as you like, sllllrrrp, slllrp! Gpfff, gpfff!"
She moves her head all the faster along with her hands.
Her brow is covered in sweat, and her hair is sticking to it. She forcefully moves her head back and forth, drool dripping from her mouth.
Luka sucks hard on the cock inside of her drool-filled mouth. She continues to stroke the cocks in her hands.
Luka "Nghh, nghhh, hnghhh! Sllllrrrp, slllrrrp, sckkk, sckkk! Sckkk, slllrrrp, sckkk... sckkkkk!"
Soldier B "Khhh... I'm going to cum!"
Soldier C "Me too!"
Luka "Nghhhhhh!!"
At the cries of the men being about to cum, Luka is far from removing the cock from her mouth, in fact, she sticks it in all the deeper.
The cock in her mouth swells to its maximum.
Luka "Nghh, pahhh! Nghhh, nghhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Spllllrrrrt, bshhhhhh! Gshhh, bshhh! Bshhhhh! Gshhhh! Gshhhh!!")
Hot cum shoots down her throat, and other cum flies through the air, covering Luka in white jizz.
But the soldier in front of her humps without holding back as his cock remains in Luka's mouth.
Luka "Bah!? Pah, khh, ah... You're getting cocky... Gpffff!? Mbffffffff...!"
She struggles to breathe, but he completely blocks her esophagus with his dick and pours his jizz right down it.
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Gshhhhh!")
Luka "Gah, pahhh!? Gpfff, bahhhh!"
Luka "Mgfff, gpfff, nghhhh! Ngh... ghhh, glgg... glggg...!"
The soldier grabs Luka's head and violently thrusts.
His pubic hair rubs against her face as he continues to shoot his load.
Luka "Hghhh! Nghhh, pahhh, nghhh... glggg, uh... nghhh, glgg..."
Soldier C "I'm going to cum all over her too!"
Luka "Bahhh, pahhh! Nghhh... ngh!"
The dicks to the left and right of her also erupt continuously, sullying Luka's face without concern.
The sticky cum pelts her on the forehead and runs down the bridge of her nose.
The stench is enough to make her choke. It fills her nasal cavity.
Luka "Kpffff... hahh, unghhhh... nghhh, ghhh... glggg... ngh, glggg... nghhh... glggg... glgg..."
Luka snorts in dissatisfaction.
However, the shower of cum isn't just directed at her face. She is forced to swallow every last drop of the pungent cum that is pouring down her throat.
Luka "Nghh... hahhh... sllllrrrp... glggg..."
The cum sticks to her throat as it runs down it. She trembles from the gross sensation.
However, due to Derek's disciplining of her, she swallows up every last drop of cum shot into her mouth.
Luka "Pahhh, hahh, hahh... C'mon... I said to cum, but I didn't ask you to cum that much, you know?"
Soldier A "No, it just felt that good."
Luka "Pah, brppp... ahhh, jeez...! My face is all sticky... I feel like this stench is going to seep into me..."
Luka "Lckk... lckkk... lckkk, sckkk... nghh... hahhh..."
Contrary to her protests her face has gotten a little red, and she licks up the cum around her mouth and on her fingers.
She swallows the pungent cum, making her breath take on the same odor.
Soldier C "Hehehehe, you really like semen, huh? Your cunt is also aching, isn't it?"
Luka "That's not a very funny joke. Ngh, lckk, nghhh... Who would like this shit... Hahh, nghh, lckkk... Who could lick up, hahh... your vulgar jizz?"
Luka "Lckk... ngh, muah, muah, nghhh... If not for the general's orders, I definitely wouldn't do this... Lckkk, lckkk... nghhh..."
Soldier B "Hehe, hehehe, you really just follow the gene----huh? Hey, you!"
Orc "Geh, bahhh..."
The soldiers are immersed in the lingering feeling of their orgasms as Luka cleans up when they're tapped on the shoulder, and complaints are lodged.
There are snorts like a pig, and it almost sounds like laughter.
The one that tapped the soldier on the shoulder is a pig-nosed orc.
His cock is exposed. The stiffness of his erection makes it clear he wants to swap soon.
Soldier C "Yes, yes. I get it. We'll switch. Jeez."
Orc "Geh, geh... geheheheh..."
Luka "Khh... You stink more than normal... Uhhhh, I feel like my nose is going to fall off you smell so bad..."
The large orc thrusts his cock before Luka's eyes.
An orc's cock is much sharper at the head compared to a human's cock. And for Luka, it is a great displeasure.
Luka "Pah... You have the reek of a wild animal mixed with urine... Lckkk, nghhh, uh... lckkkk..."
Luka runs her tongue along his foul-smelling cock as a wrinkle forms upon her brow.
Luka "Lckkkk... sckkk, lckkk... khhh..."
The instant she touches it, she wants to puke. The taste of it makes her tongue numb.
His body is without a doubt dirtier than the earlier soldiers, so the stench coming off his crotch is enough to make her eyes water.
Luka "Lckkk, sckkk... khhhh, enough... Weren't you told to take a bath beforehand...? Lckk, nghh, uhhhh... lckkk, lckkk..."
Orc "Geheheh, geheh..."
Luka makes her discontent known and grimaces, but she wraps her tongue around the orc's cock.
The orc's body shakes in pleasure at the gentle sensation.
Luka's hands jerk off the other soldiers as she licks the ogre in a pacifying manner.
Luka jerks the dicks to her left and right, but she mostly concentrates on the orc's pig-like cock.
Luka "Lckkk... sckkkk, lckkk... sckkk, lckkk, sckkk... hahhh... There's so much smegma clinging under the head of your cock..."
Luka "Lckkk, lckkkk... sllllrrrrp, lckkk... uhhh, it stinks... The stench of smegma... lckkk, lckkk... is making me feel faint... Lckkk, lckkk... lckkkk..."
She licks up the melted smegma as she coats his cock with her tongue.
His pig-like cock bounces around on her tongue.
Luka's face grimaces with displeasure as her cheek is hit with cock, but the smegma she lapped up is still on her tongue.
Luka "Nghh... glgg, nghh... pahhh, hahh, nghhhhh..."
The overwhelmingly awful taste makes her tongue stiffen, and it flows down her esophagus into her stomach.
Her spine shudders at the horrific stench exiting through her nose.
Luka shakes her head slightly, and her tongue stretches out again. She licks up the still absolutely filthy cock.
Luka "Lckkk, lckkk, lckkkkk..."
Orc "Ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhhhhh!"
Luka "Lckkk... uh, ughh, I get it... Cum quickly... Lckkk, lckkk... ngh, lckkk, lckkk, lckkk..."
She doesn't know what he's saying, but she does know that he's happy.
Luka responds adequately, and she licks his hard cock from base to tip.
When she reaches the head of his cock, the tip of her tongue scrapes up the smegma that has built up underneath his foreskin.
Luka "Ngh, lckkk, lckk, lckkk, ngh... ugh... nghhh, pahh, khhh, kaff, kaff, khhh... hahh, hahh, hahh... Damn it..."
Luka "Muah, ngh, muah, sckkk, muah, muah, ngh, sckkk, lckkk, skckk, sckkkk..."
The thick smegma has a bitter taste, making her want to tear her throat and chest from her body.
The level of filth gives her goosebumps, but she swallows it regardless. She kisses him all over his huge, erect cock.
The tapered head of his cock trembles in glee. Next, she sucks on the tip, prodding the hole with her firm tongue.
His cock bounces about from the hot stimulation of being directly licked.
At that moment, the cock is thrust completely into Luka's mouth.
Luka "Mghhh...!? Gpfff, aghhhh!?"
Seeking stronger pleasure, the orc ignores Luka's will and starts to fuck her mouth.
Her mouth is stuffed with cock, it gets hard to breathe, and her jaw feels like it's going to be dislocated.
The stench doesn't weaken at all from his cock. Her mind drifts away as the cock plunges into her.
Luka "Hey, ohhh... wait...!"
Luka "Ngbfffff! Gpfff, ughhh, bfff... kpffff!? Ughhh, hbfffngh!"
The orc doesn't listen to a single thing that Luka says.
Luka's pained expression seems to just stir his bestial desire.
His rock-hard cock strokes itself along her throat as he pounds his hips.
Luka "Nghhhh, gpffff... gpffffffff! Nghhhhh, nghhh, gbffff, sckkkkk!"
Luka's throat is pushed open by his pig-shaped cock.
When her throat is rubbed by his burning hot cock, she feels an intense feeling of suffocation, and her eyes begin to get wet with tears.
It's like he's wiping the filth clinging to his cock off with her throat. It's truly horrific.
Luka feels a tremble run up her back.
Luka (Khh... I can't believe I'm getting off on this smegma-covered cock let alone a cock other than the general's...!)
Her body was trained well by Derek. A fire is burning violently in her very core now.
The stench stabbing at her nose and the sheer size of the pulsating dick in her stimulates her female urges and makes her uterus ache.
However, Luka rejects the heat she feels because of her loyal heart to Derek and returns her focus to the orc's cock fucking her throat.
Luka "Ghhh... nghhh, hahh! Mmm, mfff, sllllrrrp, pah, sllllrrrp, sllllrrrrp!"
She pushes the thrusting cock into her mouth on her own.
She shakes her head, aggressively stroking the cock through her firmly pressed lips as she endures her breathing struggles.
The smegma melted by her saliva fills her mouth and throat.
The horrific stench and rotting flavor make her mind get hazy.
Luka takes the cock deep, and the urge to vomit forces her mind back awake.
Luka "Ngbfffff! Bghhhh! Ehhh, nghhh, sllllrrrp, slllllrrrrp, slllllrrrrp! Sckkkk, sllllrrrp, sllllrrrp, sllllrrrrp!"
She vomits while sucking on his cock, but he just keeps thrusting in return.
She pulls away forcefully from the base of his cock to get away, causing an intense suction on his cock.
She rubs intensely around the underside of the heads of the cocks in her hands.
Luka "Sckkkkk, sckkkk! Sllllrrrrp!"
Luka "Slllllrrrrrp, sllllrrrrp, slllllrrrp! Nghhh, hnghhh, mffff... ungh... sllllrrrrp, slllllrrrp... gpfffff, ngh, nghhhh!"
Orc "Gfffff, gffffnghhh, ghhhhh, mmmmm!"
Soldier E "Khhhh...! Her handjobs are too good...!"
The orc and soldiers groan as they're pushed to their limits.
The cocks enveloped in her mouth and hands get to burning levels of heat.
Luka struggles to breathe, but she continues to suck on the thick pole deep inside of her throat.
Luka "Khh...! Ngh... ngh, hahh! Hahhh, how about... cumming quickly!? There's nothing to be done if you want to cum... Nghhhhhhh, nghhhhhh!"
Luka "Ngh, nghhhh... hnghhh, ngh! Sckkkk, kpfff, sckkk, sllllllrrrrrp!"
His cock trembles in pain as it expands, making her small nose expand as well, but she continues to suck hard on his cock.
Her cheeks push in at her hard sucking as she pushes her tongue against the back of his cock.
She glances up at the soldiers to her left and right and continues to move her hands slightly up and down on the heads of their cocks.
Their cocks tremble intensely.
Luka "Cum...! Muah, hhh, cum quickly, sckkkk, sckkkkk, into my mouth, sllllrrrrrp, sckkkk, sckkk, sllllrrrp! Sckkkk!"
Orc "Groawh! Groawwwwh!!"
Soldier E "As you wish... I'll cum all over your cum-drenched face again... Uhhhh!"
Luka "Nghhhhh! Nghhhh, ngh, nghhhh... nghhh, nghhhhhh, sckkkkkkkk...!!"
The orc and the soldiers howl.
Their hot cum balls together inside of the ferocious cock in her mouth, and Luka senses that it is about to fire that load into her throat.
Luka "Bpffff!? Ughhhhhhhhhh!?"
Spllllrrrrt! Gshhh! Gshhhhh!! Bshhhhhh!! Bshhhhhhhhh!!")
A huge amount of cum erupts from the cock shoved deep in her throat.
The endless amount of cum is exactly like he's urinating. It burns up Luka's throat.
Luka "Pahhh, gpffff! Bpffff! Ugh, ngh, nghhhhh... bahh, bfff... bpfffff...!!"
The cum flows into her stomach as her throat desperately moves up and down.
Luka's eyes grow wide, and she writhes from the unending amount of cum.
The orc thrusts his dick further into Luka's throat.
Luka "Nghhhhhh, mgffffffffff!!"
Luka "Hbfffff, bpffffff!? Gbffff...!?"
Cum is pushed down her throat by the fat head of his cock. It erupts straight back out forcefully from her nose.
The connection between her throat and nose burns with pain.
White bubbles fill her nose, her chin trembles, and a large amount of cum runs down from her mouth.
Soldier D "Hey, that's not everything, you know? There's still my cum!"
Luka "Nghhhh! Gpfff... pahhhh!"
Spllllrrrt! Bshhhh! Bshhhhh, bshhhhhh!")
The soldiers shower Luka in their cum as she writhes from the orc's load.
Luka's brown skin is coated in sticky yellowish-white cum.
Luka "Khhhh, pah, pffff... hahh... nghhh, hnghh... nghhh... mfffff... ngh, sckkkkkk... pahhhhh..."
Cum drips from her nose like mucus, dangling in long strings from her nose.
Her stomach is already full of orc semen.
But Luka sucks on his pulsating cock, urging it to cum more.
Luka "Brppp... pahhh, hahh, hahh, hahhh... hahhh, gack, kaff..."
Luka "Nghhh... hahh, hahh, even for an orc, you cum too much. Uhh... Are you trying to kill me by suffocating me with your spunk?"
She coughs lightly and stares at the orc.
She burps and gets dizzy from the scent of semen on her own breath.
Unswallowed cum continues to drip from the corner of her mouth.
Luka "Ngh... You've all just made my body so filthy, huh?"
Luka "Hahh... My whole body is covered in semen. The smell is getting into my hair... My hands also reek of cock... It won't come out even if I wash, yeah?"
She keeps saying that as she wipes the cum from her face and body and then licks her fingers clean.
Luka "Really... Sckkk... lckkk, lckkk, sckkkk... nghhh, ghnghhh... sckkk... khnghh..."
Soldier D "Hehehe, your face is cute when you're angry too."
Soldier E "You're angry while jerking our cocks and swallowing our cum."
Luka "S-Shut up! The general ordered me to do so. Ngh, I just don't have any other choice... Muah, ngh, nghh... gack, nghh..."
She says that, but she just starts swallowing down more drops of jizz and smelling her own cum-tainted breath.
More men with erect cocks circle her because of the way she's behaving.
Luka's work seems to be far from over.
............
......
...
#00_op007
The largest continent in this world is Serenus.
The north is ruled by the Service Nation.
It is ruled by Empress Ladomira. Recently, it has shown interest in several other countries.
Ladomira is a tiefling, so she has incredible seductive powers. There are practically none that can resist her.
No matter the hero, if they're caught in Ladomira's magic, they fall to their knees in pleasure.
Moreover, Ladomira's otherworldly power has continued to expand the Service Nation's dark influence.
The former world order has crumbled. The only way left is destruction.
However, there are people in this world who will oppose her.
The main force against the Service Nation is the Holy Kingdom of Aurelia.
The Holy Kingdom of Aurelia is often just called the Holy Kingdom.
They have had a great cultural and economic influence on the west, south, and east for a long time.
The high elf Celestine Lucross supported the church within the shadow of the Holy Kingdom's prosperity.
When the world was faced with danger, they turned to the legends of the high elves about the Goddess coming to save people in hardship.
Celestine Lucross was believed to be the reincarnation of the Goddess. She was thought to be one of three ancient high elves.
The faith of the high elves is different from that of the church now in the Service Nation. It was held by all in the west.
Because of that, the palace that the high elf slept in was treated as the holy capital by many nations and formed the center of the Holy Kingdom.
The holy capital had huge walls and avoided all kinds of enemy assaults as an impregnable fortress.
This was the hub of all military, economic, and religious power in the west.
An important meeting concerning the future of the west is being held in the capital of the Holy Kingdom, Erythra.
The palace is filled with many guests now.
Famous knights from various countries and city-states are there.
They have come at Iris's call to bring the tyranny of the Service Nation to an end.
But they are the leaders of countries and leaders of famous orders of knights. They are each judging whether or not the person that Iris calls are lower or higher than them with each name.
One name that Iris calls out draws the largest amount of attention.
Iris "The duchess of the Principality of Fuksvald, Lady Kohaku."
Kohaku "Yes."
A woman walks forward clad in the clothes of the east. Such clothes are not seen in the west.
There are gasps of admiration all throughout the hall.
Her fluffy ears and soft tail draw great attention.
She is a type of beastmen called foxfolk.
The foxfolk built a country called the Principality of Fuksvald to the west of the Service Nation.
There is a deep forest within the steep mountains there. It is a natural danger that prevents people from entering there.
Although they have some interaction with others, they're mostly located deep in that thick forest in a land no human has stepped foot in.
Kohaku is the leader of that country. She greets Iris with an elegant bow.
Iris greets Kohaku in return and reads out the next name.
Iris "The Kimia Magician's Guild's next Grandmaster, Lady Astrid Flamel."
Astrid "Yes."
She is adorned in a cape that signifies her as a magician and wields a staff. The red-haired woman walks forward.
She wears a smile that expresses her self-confidence.
She also draws a lot of attention.
The staff in her hands is only entrusted to the greatest of magicians.
It is evidence of her magnificence because of how young she is wielding it.
The Kimia Magician's Guild has its own country made up of its members.
It is a small nation composed of a single isolated town, but they have great influence over other nations.
It would not be an overstatement to say that all the greatest magicians come from Kimia. They have the same strength as any other nation because of that.
It has been decided that Astrid will take the role of the next Grandmaster. She keeps her chest puffed out to display her pride over that fact.
Iris smiles and calls the next name.
Iris "Representative of the United Mercantile States of Tull, Lady Mel Mel."
Mel Mel "Here!"
A young child-like voice rings out. It is unfitting for this collection of world leaders.
The hall breaks into a slight uproar, but a small girl appears in front of Iris, and everyone nods acceptingly.
The child-like person who has stepped forward is the halfling, Mel Mel.
A halfling retains the same height as a child even after they enter adulthood.
But of course, they grow mentally.
The halflings also have shocking strength for their size and are known for their intricate handiwork.
Their nimble hands are great for forging weapons and jewelry. A halfling merchant built a vast fortune in one hundred years and Mel Mel is part of that lineage.
Her family created the city of Ufra as a trade point between the east and the west. A vast fortune is accumulated there. They also develop and spread new technologies for further economic development.
Mel Mel is the daughter of its duke.
She has great cunning in her small body. She looks up at Iris with a big smile.
Iris smiles back and looks back out on the wide hall filled with influential people.
Iris "Everybody, regardless of the urgency, I thank you for gathering here like this."
Iris once again gives a greeting as the representative of her country despite her young age relative to the rest of the people in the hall.
There are none here who think light of her.
The leader of the Holy Kingdom has for generations been left to a high elf oracle, and as a knight to protect that high elf, she is tasked with the protection of the kingdom.
She is called the Princess General for her bravery in cutting down her enemies and her impeccable beauty.
The one who leads this historic nation is this young girl because the former leaders, her parents, died when she was young.
Iris's dignified expression clouds slightly. She looks at those that have left their seats.
Iris "There was supposed to be one more person from the Kingdom of Eldonia..."
Kohaku "Hmm, I heard a rumor. The king has abandoned this mission to focus on his concubine."
Mel Mel "That's right. His ministers and generals are saying that he won't listen."
Iris "The rumor has spread that far...?"
To the north of the Holy Kingdom is the Kingdom of Eldonia. Its king was known as the wise king, and his reputation spread across the land.
But things have changed.
The king has abandoned all politics and spends every day in his palace.
But Iris continued to send messengers requesting support in a joint effort to end the tyranny of the Service Nation.
But no reply from the Kingdom of Eldonia ever came.
Astrid "There's nothing to be done if they haven't come, right? We must proceed with just those that have come."
Iris "Yes... you're right."
Iris changes her demeanor at Astrid's words.
She speaks with a sternness that is different from her earlier steady speech.
Iris "For several years, we have watched the Service Nation's tyranny. I think everybody can agree that we can't let their tyranny slide like this."
Kohaku "Yes, it has been the case since the formation of that nation, but recently the damage they've caused has grown worse."
Kohaku "Our... one of the foxfolk's villages has been attacked. The ninjas we sent to take revenge were only captured and raped..."
Mel Mel "It's the same for us! So many of our merchants have already been kidnapped!"
Mel Mel "Moreover, they were so far from the Service Nation when it happened! They're harming business!"
Kohaku and Mel Mel both complain about the damages their nations have received.
The only ones that have not received direct damage are Iris's Holy Kingdom because of the physical distance from the Service Nation and Astrid's home because it is sealed off by a magic barrier.
Mel Mel "No matter how you look at it, this is that empress's fault! Since that woman took to the throne, the damage has been getting worse!"
Iris "Yes, and there is one more thing. We cannot ignore the existence of their skilled hunting parties."
Kohaku "The Black Dog Knights... I've heard the rumors."
Kohaku mutters bitterly.
Kohaku "They're a group led by a man known as Derek Rondo, yes? It is a group that contains both skilled humans and monster's from the Service Nation."
Kohaku "I've heard they follow in the line of the former Mercenary King, Vult."
Kohaku "Although I don't have any more information than that."
Kohaku "I've sent out spies, but it is difficult to gather information."
Mel Mel "Your ninjas are also having difficulty, huh? I've heard that much, but I also don't know anything more than that."
There are those known as information gatherers in the west.
There are halflings that act as merchants in every region.
The other group are special spies used by the foxfolk and known as ninjas. They're led by Kohaku.
However, Kohaku and Mel Mel cannot gather much about the man named Derek.
But there are many besides these two that have information.
Iris "I know a little bit more about him. He is a skilled fighter, but he has a strange standing within the Service Nation."
Iris "Maybe because the empress is too familiar to the upper echelons of the military, he seems to hate her."
Mel Mel "Oh? You can say that so clearly."
Kohaku "Oh? If that's true, I might be able to use her, but that is information I was not able to obtain, so I wonder if it could be true."
Iris "It's the truth. We received the information from somebody who holds the same position as us living in that awful capital by the name of Eleonora."
Everyone's faces are awash in belief upon hearing Iris's explanation.
Eleonora Bern is a bishop in the Service Nation's church. She fights to rid the church of corruption and vice.
Eleonora wishes for the Service Nation to become even a bit better of a nation. She thinks that the fasted way to do that is to work with Iris.
Iris "Eleonora is in more danger than anybody working as she is within that pit of snakes. To reward her, we must somehow win."
Iris raises her hand in the air to show her determination. Everyone there nods their head strongly.
Astrid "We must thank her for this information. Does that mean we must defeat both the Black Dog Knights and the empress?"
Iris "That's right. But..."
Mel Mel "Oh, yeah! That empress is really dangerous!"
Mel Mel pouts.
If the four people here put the strength of their four nations together, they could be able to defeat the military of the Service Nation even if that was the Black Dog Knights.
But their puppetmaster, Ladomira, is not somebody that they can beat even with their military might.
She is a rather difficult foe to have.
Kohaku "Yeah, that tiefling's magic is unbeatable. The Service Nation is growing worse day by day."
Astrid "Is it so much that even I can't oppose her?"
Kohaku "If it were a simple magic battle, you'd likely win. But she has overwhelming charm powers."
Kohaku "I know that power can make one subservient even if you fight it with all your heart..."
Astrid "......"
Kohaku's tone of the reality of the situation silences Astrid.
Iris's dignified voice breaks the harsh silence.
Iris "But there is a way. I... We can defeat the Service Nation and Ladomira. I want you all to see why I say that."
Iris "Lady Seraphina..."
Iris's assertion is strong. She looks into the empty air as she says it. Her strong reverence is clear.
Suddenly, the visage of a person appears floating at an untouchable distance in the sky.
Astrid "What...!?"
Kohaku "This is..."
The two of them know right away that her image is somehow being transmitted through some kind of magic.
More than that, they're shocked by her appearance.
Even though it is being displayed, her radiant white skin and lustrous golden hair are clear.
The subtle scent of the flower crown on her head seems to be transmitted as well.
There is no ornamentation on her body besides that. Her curvy body is completely exposed, but there is a holy radiance to her appearance.
Astrid "Could it be...? Is she the one living underneath the Holy Kingdom... The one said in legend to save the world from danger..."
Iris "Yes, that's right. Allow me to introduce her... The ancient high elf, Lady Seraphina Rentoit."
Seraphina Rentoit is the third person to inherit the legendary spirit of the Goddess Larentia.
In the past, Celestine Lucross is said to have used her predictive powers to advise her people in avoiding disasters.
The legend is the high elf in the Holy Kingdom has similar powers to rid the world of evil.
However, her face is more than just a fairytale. It is a face none has ever seen before. It is beyond legend.
However, that legend is now making her appearance and confirming her reality.
Seraphina "It is a pleasure to meet you all."
Seraphina gracefully bends her knee and greets everybody.
A soft smile sits on her face. It is full of mercy. Her voice is calm, and it eases the tension in the hearts of those that hear it.
However, there is sadness in both her eyes and voice.
Seraphina "Everybody, as you know, the world is now in danger of being destroyed."
Seraphina "That tiefling has too much power. She has thrown the balance of the world off..."
Everyone takes a deep breath as they gaze at Seraphina.
Seraphina cuts off and slowly looks out at everybody's faces. She puts her dainty fingers together slowly.
Seraphina "Everyone, please lend me your strength."
Seraphina "To preserve the order of the world, we must eradicate the tiefling's power."
Seraphina "Please somehow capture the tiefling. I will try to get rid of her power. So somehow..."
Seraphina sincerely closes her eyes and makes a humble request to all of the governmental representatives.
The important people that fill the hall from each nation gaze only at Seraphina, pleased.
Iris raises her voice to settle the thoughts of everybody.
Iris "We will crush the Service Nation! We will win to bring peace and stability back to the world!!"
Everybody in the hall yells out their vows of victory to Seraphina. It is a rousing battle cry.
Everyone boasted about each other's combat power with excited faces, and some even let out a roar.
Iris finally smiles at the zeal of the crowd. She is convinced of her victory.
The people here aren't merely representatives of their countries. They are all suitable for the title of hero.
Mel Mel has an artillery unit that she has invested in, researched, and developed.
Astrid has the power to create literally unkillable golems.
Kohaku is the leader of a group of ninjas that have immense combat prowess.
And the Holy Kingdom has an order of knights under Iris's command that are experts in their field.
There are other orders of knights and kingdoms gathered here as well.
Although the Service Nation is powerful, it can't stand against such a massive force.
The image of Seraphina fades, and the meeting finally turns to a discussion of what to do next.
A king of a small country speaks to Iris in a somewhat flattering tone.
King A "Regardless, the king of Eldonia is an outrageous story."
Iris "Are you talking about their non-participation? Eldonia has its own circumstances."
He snorts in dissatisfaction at Iris's thoughtful words.
King A "They have their own circumstances? Isn't the king just ignoring reality for a woman? Their former momentum has completely disappeared."
King A "Regardless, the fact that our outstretched hand was shaken off... It's proof that this alliance has no sense of great power."
King B "He's right. Shouldn't we make them realize that it's a mistake to think that the prestige of one's past will last forever?"
The surrounding assortment of small kings expresses their dissatisfaction with the king of Eldonia.
They have been forced to make sacrifices for the Service Nation, and now they must take on a heavy burden for this cause.
It can't be helped that they're complaining that a large country like Eldonia is doing nothing to aid in the dissolution of the Service Nation.
Iris quietly shakes her head at the various kings.
Iris "The goal of the Holy Alliance is the dissolution of the Service Nation and saving the world from destruction. There's nothing other than that."
Iris "Moreover, what would it mean if the king of Eldonia did show allegiance to our power? If he doesn't hold the same ideals as us, we wouldn't be able to fight full power."
King A "It's, well... what you say is right, Lady Iris, but..."
One of the kings stumbles over his words, embarrassed.
Iris smiles lightly and consoles the king with words of inspiration rather than rebuke.
Iris "We'll fight together for our ideals and win out over the Service Nation. For now, let's ignore Eldonia and fight together for our true goals."
King A "Eh, yes, of course! Let's fight together, Lady Iris!"
King B "If we fight together, we can fight even the Service Nation!"
The kings have had their spirits raised for the Holy Alliance.
Iris also nods strongly at the kings.
The age of thunder... 1453 of the Ducian calendar in early spring.
Winter has passed. Small birds chirp at the beginning of spring... The Holy Alliance has been formed.
Eunach A "The Holy Kingdom has formed a Holy Alliance without our country."
King of Eldonia "Hmph, idiots. Fine. Pull out."
A fat man waves his hand like he's swatting a fly, and the man who has reported to him leaves respectfully.
The king snorts in dissatisfaction as the door closes.
King of Eldonia "Exactly. I always tell them not to disturb our meeting over such trifling matters. I'm sorry, Mistiora. Forgive me."
Mistiora "......"
He grabs Mistiora's hand and speaks reverently to her.
Far from flirting with the king, she just glances coldly at him.
Her friendliness is enough to make the king complacently happy.
King of Eldonia "Alright, you don't need to worry about anything. You just need to stay by my side."
He runs his fingers along Mistiora's brown skin.
Mistiora hardly reacts at all, but he groans with excitement.
King of Eldonia "I see. The Holy Kingdom is certainly a big country. Kimia, Dull, and Fuksvald are also people that shouldn't be ignored."
King of Eldonia "But what about the others? Isn't it just a bunch of small no name countries? It's just a mob. They're all just going to get in one another's way."
King of Eldonia "The Holy Alliance... It is meaningless without being able to invite me the king of the Kingdom of Eldonia."
He... The king smiles obscenely and tugs Mistiora's hand closer.
Mistiora's long silver hair shakes as she is pulled slightly forward onto her knees.
The king gazes at Mistiora's cold eyes and smiles.
King of Eldonia "Of course... Of course, there is nothing more important than you. No matter how much respect for you I show, would I leave you and go somewhere... Mistiora?"
Mistiora "......"
He kisses the back of Mistiora's hand as though making an oath to her.
Mistiora's especially long ears shake slightly.
The king's smile deepens and he pulls Mistiora's body even harder.
King of Eldonia "I will protect you. For the... rest of time..."
The king whispers into Mistiora's ears and lightly nibbles on the tips of them.
Mistiora remains silent as the king is left to do whatever he wants to her...
Soldier A "Hey, did you hear? About the rumor of the Holy Alliance."
Soldier B "Yes, they've declared war. They intend to attack us. What fools."
Soldier A "No, we should be thanking them, shouldn't we? This is our chance!"
Soldier B "You ain't wrong! Hahahaha!"
The soldiers make their rounds while expressing interest in the rumors.
Eleonora stops after seeing off the soldiers and takes a deep sigh.
The war-hungry are making noise already within the Service Nation. The chance for war to break out is increasing.
Eleonora "If that happens, ordinary people will suffer..."
Eleonora feels a pain in her chest just thinking about it.
But she can't be sad. She has to think about what she should do now to prepare for the damage.
Eleonora's thoughts run rapidly through her mind while walking to the palace in the Service Nation.
She was told by a spy from Iris to get out of the country.
But when she thinks about the innocent people, she shouldn't be allowed to choose whether or not to follow Iris's wish and leave alone or not.
Derek "Alright. We're all prepared, right?"
Luka "Yes, as you commanded."
Derek nods his head lightly at Luka's words and looks out over the guardhouse.
Derek "You, listen well."
His voice isn't that loud, but it reaches every corner of the guardhouse.
The thuggish men wait anxiously on Derek's words.
Luka "......"
Luka, of course, stands by Derek with a stiff expression.
The Service Nation's sixth guard. Otherwise known as the Black Dog Knights.
The armies of the Service Nation are filled with many ruffians, but even amongst all of the armies, the regiment led by Derek is on another level.
Some of the members are Dark Ones... in other words, monsters.
Derek has no bias against them.
He employs those that have talent and promotes them based on their performance regardless of their race.
Humans who have fallen out of society and monsters who are hated by society... Derek uses soldiers with a quirk or two as important members of his team.
The thing that allowed this to be possible is Derek's strength to fell even an ogre, his cunning to not be caught up by common sense, and his generous disposition to spare no rewards.
Derek "The time has finally come for us to achieve our aims."
Derek "It is war."
Soldiers "Khh..."
War. The word creates an uproar in the guardhouse.
Of course, there is not even a hint of fear or unease on the soldier's face.
They are filled with joy at the opportunity they've been waiting for has finally arrived.
Derek "Kehehe, it was worth spreading those embers all over. My allies, we no longer need to wait."
Lucaon "Master... Then, does it seem like this is going to be a big fight?"
Derek "Of course. It will be of a scale unseen. You're going to go on a huge rampage."
Lucaon "Haha, you're telling us to show you want we got, huh?"
Lucaon bears his fangs as he laughs.
His steel-like muscles flex as they can't wait any longer.
Inspired by Lucaon, the other soldiers in the guardhouse quickly raise their morale.
A single man moves through the soldiers toward Derek.
Magic User "G-General, are those from Kimia also going to be our enemies?"
Derek "Yes, that's right. Nicola, you're looking forward to it, right?"
Nicola "Hhh, hah, hahahah..."
He's an ugly man clad in a robe. He looks much shabbier than the rest of the well-built soldiers in Derek's regiment.
He's different from Luka who is small but muscular. Nicola is just as weak as he looks.
But he isn't taken lightly within their group because his strength has nothing to do with his muscles.
The staff in his hands and the sigil inscribed on his arm show that he's a magician.
Nicola is bitterly resentful of the place where he studied magic because they scorned him.
Especially the woman who chased him away. And all of his other compatriots did nothing to stop her.
Excitement for the war increases within the guardhouse.
??? "General Derek, the time has come at last! Finally, we will be able to invite Lady Seraphina before my god, right!?"
There is a man dressed in a monk's garb who stands out even more than Nicola.
He is Raymond Lullus.
He was a priest of the Holy Kingdom, but he was chased out for his belief in a wicked god.
He needs Seraphina for that god he believes in.
Derek "Yes, don't slack on your preparations."
Raymond "Of course!"
Derek nods and looks out over the guardhouse.
Derek "Well, everybody, we're going to be busy now. There are still things that need to be done to spread this war to its maximum."
Derek "Luka, inform our collaborators in all the various lands."
Luka "Yes, sir!"
Luka salutes before leaving.
The soldiers were in an uproar, but at Derek's signal, they take proper form and face Derek again.
Derek "Alright... don't be careless!"
Soldiers "Yes!!!"
The soldiers shake the guardhouse with their intense response to Derek's declaration.
Derek nods in satisfaction at them.
#01_al001
The age of thunder... 1453 of the Ducian calendar in spring.
Iris Arcadia's Holy Alliance has launched its full-on assault on the Service Nation.
The border battles ended in victory for the allied army.
The nations of the Holy Alliance have long suffered from the tyranny of the Service Nation.
The time for their revenge has finally come. Morale in the allied army is high, and their soldiers are well-trained for this decisive battle.
The National Army of the Service Nation has only spent the last several years looting around their borders. They have an advantage in terms of numbers, but their soldiers cannot compare to the allied forces in morale, training, or control.
The border defenses are crushed one after another without being able to fight against the well-prepared tactics of the allied forces.
The army of the Service Nation faces defeat after defeat at the avalanche of strikes from the allied forces.
The allied forces continue to strike as they head past the border of the Service Nation.
The aim of the allied forces is to crush the capital of the Service Nation.
Their final goal is to dissolve the Service Nation and rid the world of the root of evil, Empress Ladomira, forever.
#01_al002
Ladomira "So, was it the Holy Alliance? The one's stupidly attacking my country."
Ladomira's cheerful voice echoes through the audience room.
Today, Ladomira is lying on her throne bed while rarely not fucking men. She looks down at the men lined before her.
The men packing the large audience room now are not there because Ladomira prefers them as manwhores.
They're those in charge of the upper echelons of the Service Nation's military and politics. In addition, the upper statesmen in the church are there as well.
All of the senior retainers who at the very least outwardly look much older than Ladomira bow their heads in an attempt to escape her gaze.
Ladomira lets out a small sigh.
Ladomira "Have I said the name wrong?"
Advisor "N-No... the name you said my liege is not wrong."
Ladomira "Good, I'm glad."
Ladomira smiles pleased with the decisive answer of her advisor.
Her small laugh makes the men lined up feeling incredibly tense. It's enough to make even their fingers sweat.
The sound of somebody sucking down their spit can be heard.
Ladomira slowly gazes out at her audience. Their nerves are palpable.
Her gaze stops on the general.
Her golden eyes sparkle with joy like a child who has found their favorite toy.
However, contrary to the look in her eyes, she speaks to him in a pitiful tone.
Ladomira "To hear that our border guards have received such massive damage... It hurts my heart."
General "I-I'm sorry...! I couldn't have imagined such a large-scale army attacking us..."
The defeated general of the border guards can hardly raise his head.
He just prays that Ladomira's rage will calm down... That her sadistic heart won't continue.
Ladomira "If it was unexpected, there's nothing that can be done, huh? But if that's the case, wouldn't it be fitting for something you couldn't have imagined to happen to you now?"
General "N-No! It's not that! Because of the surprising breadth of the attack, we were unprepared!"
General "Now that I know my enemy, my army won't know any defeat!"
He is flopping with sweat as he desperately makes excuses.
Ladomira nods while listening to his childish excuses.
And when he is finished, she smiles gently and says one word to him.
Ladomira "I want you to remember this, okay? I don't like losing. Am I understood?"
General "Hah, y-yes! I will definitely win for you, Lady Ladomira!"
His knees are shaking as he vows to win.
Ladomira nods at him and then turns her gaze to the other men lined up in the audience room.
The men who meet Ladomira's gaze are each wrapped in anxiety and look away.
Ladomira "I like this city. I welcome customers, but I want ruffians to refrain from coming in here."
Ladomira "Moreover, isn't it the case that this Holy Alliance is led by a bunch of little girls? You're big burly men, shouldn't you be winning...?"
Ladomira sighs.
However, several are surprised at her words.
Such detailed information about the Holy Alliance shouldn't have been communicated to Ladomira.
Ladomira gives a final smile at the shock running through the crowd.
Ladomira "Well, you cuties, go meet your guests with courtesy."
Senior Officials "Roger!!"
The senior retainers bend their knees and hang their heads.
Ladomira nods in satisfaction. She sits back down right away after having just stood up.
Ladomira "Alright, you, you're tired from being chased by those girls, right? I will soothe your pain right away, come here."
General "Huh...? Ah, eh...?"
After the momentary relief of finally being released, the defeated general's face goes pale in a single word... a single final blow.
Ladomira laughs happily.
Ladomira "You can look forward to it, you know? I'll take you to paradise."
General "Y-Y-Yes..."
His whole body trembles as he tries to somehow respond.
He knows despite how much he hates it that Ladomira's words are not a lie.
He will not just be drained of his cum now. He will certainly be brought pleasure until his life completely withers away.
Everybody there thinks the same thing.
He is already lost.
#01_al003
The advisors who left the audience room are brought together for a strategy meeting.
The generals circle the map spread on the table.
Grand General "Everyone's here. We'll go back over the current situation."
A general clad in showy armor speaks in an arrogant tone.
Ladomira directly assigned him as the lead general for this war.
But even as a well-worn general, he isn't necessarily so skilled as to be able to do anything.
Ladomira merely likes him.
It's not just him. Many of the generals here are just those that the empress likes for various reasons.
The generals that had the heart to admonish Ladomira have all long since met with unfortunate fates.
Derek peers at the map from over their heads.
Derek is only in charge of one regiment of knights. He's lucky enough to have the privilege of being in on the strategy meeting. Even if he is present at the meeting, he doesn't really have the right to speak.
The meeting continues before Derek's distant gaze.
Grand General "First..."
Grand General "Let's check out the situation. Our foe has so boldly named themselves the Holy Alliance, but their strength is primarily just from four nations."
The lead general points at the map.
The Holy Kingdom of Aurelia, the United Mercantile States of Dull, the Kimia Mage Guild, and the Principality of Fuksvald.
Their united strength is much greater than that of the Service Nation.
But they don't have near the numbers that the Service Nation does.
The Service Nation's overwhelming weak point is its supply lines.
Thinking about the climate, there is a high chance that the allied armies will retreat if the Service Nation's long winter rolls in.
There is no way that Ladomira will wait that long, so the Service Nation also doesn't have the time to wait.
They wish for a fast and overwhelming victory.
Grand General "These hooligans that have invaded our country's borders are currently headed toward the capital."
Grand General "In that case, here. In western Eos, we will fight them in the Canpeace Plains!"
The lead general pounds the table hard as he makes his declaration.
Yells of agreement rise up from the other generals.
Derek gazes at the situation with cold eyes.
It would take five days to get to the plains from the capital by horse. If they were to head out right away, they would certainly meet the allied army.
However, is it necessary to attack such a large army with one's own large army?")
Moreover, the enemy is proficient at battling on flat ground.
This war is certainly in the favor of their opponent.
There is no point in such a large country fighting fair and square.
Of course, Derek gives no sign of such thoughts.
He remains silent and watches over the meeting as suits his appearance.
Grand General "The early stages of the wars have been repeated defeats, but this is merely due to the suddenness of their attack."
Grand General "We are the famed imperial army of Nigramstia! We are the inheritors of the Mercenary King Vult! We have never known defeat!"
Grand General "Our overwhelming power will clearly crush the rabble calling itself the Holy Alliance!"
Generals "Woooo!!"
Grand General "We will win for Lady Ladomira!!"
Generals "We will win!!"
Just as Derek thought, they can't even form a real strategy. The generals are just raising their fists in excitement.
The generals left the audience with their armor clanking thinking that they must quickly make preparations, but they're already smiling triumphantly.
When Derek finally lets out his own laughter at their incompetence, the lead general walks up to him.
Grand General "Derek, I'll leave the protection of Lady Ladomira to you. There is no task more important. Consider it an honor."
Derek "Understood. I'm greatly honored. Thank you."
Grand General "Hmph, do your best to not let your faint pride put Lady Ladomira into a bad mood."
The lead general smirks cynically at Derek.
Derek knows all too well that it is just child-like harassment.
The Mercenary King Vult founded this nation with monsters.
Many monsters have existed in this country since then.
But only Derek uses them in his regiment these days.
Many generals are concerned with physical appearance and don't like the look of monsters. And only a few humans are capable of controlling the wildness of monsters.
It is one aspect that displeases the lead general.
Of course, the biggest is that Ladomira is appreciative of Derek.
That is why he has pushed him into a position where he can gain no further recognition.
But Derek wants to be placed away from the rest of the main army with their stupid strategy.
Derek (At last, everything is going just as I want it.)
Derek finds it unbearably strange himself. He's afraid that things are continuing just as planned.
That's why he can't be negligent now.
Derek pretends to the best of his ability to be respectful and salutes the lead general.
Derek "I pray for your success in battle."
Grand General "Hmph..."
He glares suspiciously at Derek, but he leaves without saying anything, exiting the meeting room.
Derek also returns to the guardhouse, where his own subordinates are waiting, a little late.
The Service Nation's army launches a counterattack against the Holy Alliance which has breached their borders.
The Service Nation's army met the Holy Alliance's army on the plains as planned.
The Holy Alliance's army is determined to make this a decisive battle. They take a dignified formation as they plan to crush the Service Nation.
There are more than twenty thousand soldiers on each side. This rare battle is the largest in history.
Mel Mel "Hyah!!"
At Mel Mel's shout, a line of artillery fires.
An ear-splitting sound echoes out.
After a short interval, explosions come one after another with each thundering blast.
Screams cry out in the distance from the soldiers of the Service Nation's army.
It completely stops their charge.
Mel Mel "Ahahaha! What's that! It's the might of my artillery!"
Mel Mel brings about the biggest success for the allied army. She straddles one of her pieces of artillery and laughs arrogantly.
Of course, there's no intention of letting it end here.
Mel Mel "Keep shooting! We've got bullets for days! Alright, prepare the next round!"
Halflings "Ohhh!!"
Her halfling subordinates are busy loading another round.
Artillery and ammunition are really expensive.
Only the United Mercantile States of Dull have enough money to acquire this much artillery and ammunition.
Mel Mel "Are we prepared? Let's litter this field with holes!"
Mel Mel "Hyah!!!"
Explosions tear through the air, shaking the ground with hellfire.
The Service Nation's formation is blown apart by the continuous artillery strikes.
Mel Mel smiles and gives her next order.
Mel Mel "Alright, how about that! Then, mercenaries, I'll leave it to you!"
Mercenaries "Wooooooooo!!!"
The mercenaries have been gathered together for money.
Their brutality is similar to that of the Service Nation's army. They come down on the Service Nation's army like an avalanche.
The Service Nation's army has been torn apart by the artillery. They have no room to push back against the oncoming attack.
Dull's economic power compensates for their lack of military power, and they supply ample weapons for the Holy Alliance.
The Service Nation's border defeats continue, and they're forced into a tough position in this important battle.
But perhaps because of their loyalty to Ladomira or because of their fear, they continue to fight.
Astrid "Hmm... Their more persistent than I thought."
Iris "Yes. I thought we would be able to push to the capital in one go, but it seems like it isn't going to be that easy."
Iris and Astrid have received reports on the battle situation from a messenger.
The right flank has been pushed back somewhat by artillery.
Aside from that, both sides are lacking a decisive position.
Bibi "Professor! We're all prepared!"
Three girls wave at Astrid as they run over to her.
Astrid has brought her pupils from Kimia.
Astrid has an uncomfortable face at their innocent behavior before a noble like Iris.
But Iris looks at the young girls with favorable eyes.
Iris "Haha, your pupils are always so energetic, huh, Astrid?"
Astrid "I'm sorry. I'll make sure to teach them some more manners."
Astrid apologizes with a bitter smile.
One of the girls nearly jumps at Astrid.
Bibi "Prof! We're all set up! Let's go quickly!"
Iris "You mean that's been prepared?"
Bibi "Yeah! We were told to get it ready to go right away, so it's all ready!"
Izabella "Hey, Bibi! You should be saying yes, ma'am!"
Bibi "Eh? Why are you so mad today, Izabella?"
Izabella "Because Lady Iris is here! Amy, tell her!"
Amy "Huh...? Ah, err, umm..."
Iris "Hahaha..."
Astrid "I'm really sorry..."
Iris smiles as she watches this rarely-seen sight of high energy around her.
Astrid sighs and her mood changes. She cracks her knuckles.
Astrid "Alright, girls, we're going off to battle now, you know? If you think this is going to be a picnic, you should just stay here, okay?"
Bibi "Yes ma'am! Leave it to us!"
Izabella "How is that response going to tell Lady Astrid that you understand this is serious?"
Bibi "Eh!? I'm being completely serious, you know? Hey, Amy?"
Amy "Eh...? Ah, uh, yeah..."
Her three pupils are bouncing around again.
Astrid throws lightning at them.
Astrid "Cut it out! We have no time for this nonsense at this point!"
Bibi "I-I'm sorry...!"
Astrid sighs at Bibi's reflexive apology and turns back toward Iris.
Astrid "I'm sorry for all the noise. I'll make up for it with results in the war."
Iris "Yes, show me the power of your unbeatable golems."
Astrid "Look forward to it."
Astrid smiles confidently at Iris.
Astrid "Well, girls, let's go!"
Bibi "Yes, ma'am!"
Izabella "Yes, ma'am!"
Amy "Y-Yes... m-ma'am..."
Astrid nods back at her three responding pupils.
After Iris shows them a final smile, Astrid leaves with her three girls.
Astrid "I order thou here as thy creator. Metal giant rise! Crush my foe with your indomitable fists...!"
Her three pupils line up alongside her, and each starts to chant a spell.
The tips of the staves in each of their hands begin to emit light.
Astrid and company have their staves held aloft. They swing the tips at the golem.
Lights in the giant's eyes pulsate in accordance, and a howl bellows out of the giant.
Astrid "Well, go! I'll show you the power of Kimia!"
Bibi "Yes, prof!"
Izabella "Amy, don't dally!"
Amy "Y-Yeah...!"
Four giants march off with the one that Astrid rides taking the lead.
The ground creaks and the skies shake with each step of the giants.
Service Nation Soldier A "Shit, they've finally come! The magic golems!!"
They're two to three times the size of a human. The Service Nation's army screams at their metallic advance.
But they do not run away and try to keep the metal golems at bay with bows.
But the golems can't feel pain, so their bows are ineffective. At the current range, they can't even scuff their carapace.
They aim for the mages riding them, but the golems swat away the arrows.
The distance between them is shortening.
The soldiers of the Service Nation scream a desperate battle cry as they charge toward the metal golems.
Astrid "I'm sorry, but I can show you no mercy."
With Astrid's muttering, the golem swings its fist, mowing them down.
In a single blow, several soldiers are blown away.
The battle formation of the Service Nation's army has been crushed by the overwhelming power.
Astrid "Well, let's crush them in one go!"
Astrid focuses on the main force of the army.
The golem bellows at its creator's decision.
At the same time...
Luka "Understood. I'll convey that to the commander."
Luka says that in response to the report from the messenger. She quickly decides to go to Derek.
Recently Derek has often been in the training barracks.
Although he has been put on guard duty, he's always been a hot-blooded man.
He can't stop his blood from boiling with a warm happening so close to him.
Luka "Comma----"
At the same time as Luka steps foot into the practice fields, she inadvertently flinches at the loud sounds ringing out.
The wooden dummy he is using for training is getting absolutely pulverized.
Moreover, Derek is wearing strange armor he doesn't normally wear as he pulverizes the dummy.
Derek looks down at the dummy with cold eyes as he does this.
Derek "What do you want?"
Luka "Eh...? Ah, y-you noticed me, huh?"
Luka panics and runs up to Derek.
Derek snorts in boredom. He thrusts the sword in his hand into the ground.
Derek "I don't know. Just swinging this sword around is increasing my dissatisfaction. At least if I had a partner, it'd be different."
Luka "Commander, not even an ogre could be your sparring partner."
Luka smiles bitterly as she answers.
Derek stares at her, and Luka inadvertently shrinks away.
Derek "What about you?"
Luka "Eh!? I-I can't be your sparring partner, Comm----"
Derek "It's fine, so open your legs."
Luka "Eh...? Ah...!"
Luka is caught off guard for a moment, but then she notices the change in Derek's crotch and gulps.
It grows quite large as though it is the concentration of Derek's brutality.
Luka "Ah, umm..."
Derek "Quickly."
Luka "R-Right...!"
Derek's irritated voice makes Luka panic and removes her belt. She takes off her underwear, exposing her lower body.
#01_al004h_luc02
Luka lies on her hands and knees. Her ass is held high in the air with her chest and shoulders supporting her upper body. Her free hands reach out for her crotch.
She spreads her slit to show it off. Pussy juices are already dripping from it, forming long strings.
Luka is completely prepared. She winks at Derek and he thrusts his hot cock into her.
Luka "Nghhhhh! Khh, nghhhh...!!"
His cock tears at her flesh. He twists his big, raging cock into her.
Even though she's wet, her hole still isn't wet enough. It's forced open, causing her burning pain.
Her pussy is in burning pain as her pussy constricts to expel the invading cock.
Derek doesn't care about the resistance and pushes his cock hard into her savoring the slight resistance.
Luka "Khhhh... uh, khhh, khnghh... hahhhhhh! Anghhhh, nghhhhhhhh!"
Her body trembles from the sensation of having her insides forced open. The cock pushing into her slams hard into her cervix.
Derek twists his waist as he tries to push the remaining bit of his cock into her.
Luka "Hahh, aghh, khh, khhhhh...! Commander, ah, ahhh, incredible...!"
It's not just her uterus that is pushed up on and all of her organs are pushed up on too. The intense pressure is enough to make her think that she's been entirely filled. She struggles to breathe because of it.
Luka "Hhh...!? Nghhhhh! Hghhh, ah, aghhh, hahhhh! Ahh, Commander! Ughhh, ungh, nahhhhh!"
Derek immediately thrusts roughly as soon as his cock is filling her pussy.
The head of his cock is like a large umbrella. It is wrapped in her meat folds.
The hot pleasure of having her soft walls rubbed and a floating sensation from being released from pressure overcomes her.
She has no time to enjoy these sensations before his huge cock plunges deep inside of her again.
His rock-hard cock digs into her walls as he rubs up against them, and his head slams into her cervix.
Luka "Hghhh, ungh, ungh, ngh, hahhhh! Ahhh, Commander, Commander... it's hot! Commander, your cock is hot!"
Her pussy is being filled to the point of tearing by his unusually huge cock.
She is hit with an aggressive pounding. It creates a burning pain inside of her.
But the heat brings unbelievable pleasure.
The pain is like having a wound pulled further open, but Luka lifts her own ass more because she wants more of that pain.
Derek "What's the matter with you? Don't just enjoy yourself! Tighten that pussy!"
Luka "Hghhhh...! Hahh, hahhhh, ahh, ahhh, yes, sir... ughhhhh!"
As though to punish her, he focuses on just hitting her cervix.
For an instant, she sees white lights flickering in her head, but she digs her fingers into her own ass and tries to suppress the overwhelming pleasure.
She uses enough strength to put divets into her ass as she shakes her nearly destroyed booty, squeezing his cock with her pussy.
Luka "Nghhhh, ahhh, hahhhhh! Commander, your cock is always so hard... Khhhhh! Ahhhh, I'm also----!"
Derek "Hmph, should I cum once early as usual?"
Luka "Nahhhhh, yes, sir, please cum in me! Please fill my cunt with your jizz, Commander!"
Not just her body is shaken by the intense pounding, but even her mind is shaken as she begs Derek.
Her crotch is gushing with white pussy juice. She thrusts her own crotch toward Derek.
Derek "Take it all without letting any spill out."
Luka "Yes, sir, hahhh!"
Derek's huge cock slams into her cervix hard enough to deform it.
She leans forward unable to bear it, but Derek grabs her ass and yanks her back.
The head of his cock passes through her cervix, and a sound rings out deep inside her body.
Splllrrrt, gshhh! Gshhhhh! Bshhhh, gshhhhhh!!")
Luka "Hahhhhhhh! Ahhhh, hahhhhh! Aghhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
A huge amount of cum pours into her womb. There's enough of it to make Luka think it'll push back out. Luka turns her head as she screams out in pleasure.
Luka's mind is numb and drunk off of the sensation of her womb filling with hot jizz.
Luka "Nahhhhhh, you're cumming! Commander, my cunt is overflowing with your cum...!"
Luka "I'm going to cum, Commander! Nahhh, ahhh, I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum from being cum in!!!"
Spllllrrrrt! Gshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Luka "Nghhhhhh! Ahhhhh, hhhhhhh!!"
Luka is still on her knees as her entire pussy trembles from his pulsating cock. Her jaw is wide open and her back bends backward as she orgasms.
Derek's cum completely fills Luka's pussy.
But that doesn't mean this is the end.
Luka "Nahhhhhhh! Agh, kahhhhhhhhhh!!?"
Splllllrrrt, splllrt... gshhhh!!")
He gyrates his cock roughly inside of her pussy, making obscenely sticky noises.
He has cum so much, but his dock still feels hard and hot.
Luka "Nghhhh!? Hnghhh! Nahhhh, hahh... hghhhh...! Hahhh, hahhh, nahhhhh, ahhhh... Again...!"
Derek "I said you can rest your body. Your job is also to pleasure me, though."
Luka "Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhh, nghhhh, hahhhhh!"
Her body has hardly any strength because of the orgasmic waves lingering inside of her. Her head isn't working well.
Luka frantically communicates her thoughts to her body and squeezes her numb and swollen pussy.
His penis pushes through her tight hole as though it was just waiting for it to try to tighten.
Luka "Kahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhh, I can't take it any longer! I'm also, kahhh, Commander!"
The head of his cock continues to pierce her repeatedly pounded cervix. Electric currents of pleasure rush through her, pushing straight to her head.
She no longer has any strength in her legs, so her ass falls. It's now like her position is being supported just by Derek's cock.
But Luka squeezes his cock as hard as she can by constricting her pussy and cervix in order to bring Derek pleasure.
Luka "Ughhhhh, nghhhh, kahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh, ahhhhh, hghhhhhhhhh!"
Her mind is sent flying by the intense pleasure as she digs her fingers into her ass in order to somehow endure.
It's not just drool dripping from her but also snot and tears.
Luka "Commander, I'm... sorry! Nahhh, ahhhh, nahhhh, anghhhh! Nghhhhhhhhh!"
Derek "I don't care. I'm going to cum in you again."
Luka "Ahhhhhh! T-Thank you... Hahhhhh! Nghhhhhhh!?"
He pulls back suddenly almost to the point of removing his cock.
The instant that she thinks that her womb is hit with a crushing blow. She howls and moans from it.
Luka "Oh, ohhhhhhhhhh! Commander! Ahhhhh, Derek!"
Derek "Ohh, I'm going to cum... Take it!"
Luka "Hnghhhhhhh! Khhh! Kahhhhhh, ahhhh, hahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhh! Bshhhhhh!")
Luka "Nghhhhhhh! Again! So much again! There's so much jizz!"
Her womb is directly splattered with jizz again from the cock piercing her cervix.
Her already-filled womb takes more cum... Her insides expand once again.
Luka "Hghhhh, hhhhh! Knghhh, hahhhhh! I can't take this! I can't take it... any longer!"
Luka "Ahhh, I'm going to cum again! Derek, your jizz makes me too happy. I'm going to cum already!"
Splllllrrrrt! Gshhhh, bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhh!!")
The excess cum that can't fit in her vagina or uterus shoots out forcefully from around Derek's cock.
Luka closes her eyes as she feels his still pulsating cock.
Luka "Hahh, hahh... hahh, hahh... ahhh... hahh, hahh... hahhhh..."
Her intense orgasm finishes. Her body goes completely limp, and she's completely out of breath.
She feels the heat of the cum poured into her and his still-hard cock.
Luka "Hahhhh... ngh, hahh... Derek... Ahhh, ngh, ahhh..."
Derek "Hey, why're you so dumbfounded?"
Derek "Didn't you come here because you needed something?"
Luka "Aghhhhh...! Kahhh, ngh, ahhh... Y-Yes, sir... Uh, uhh... nghhh..."
Derek's cock hasn't lost any hardness and thrusts into her cum-filled womb.
Her body trembles from the pleasure, and her muscles constrict.
Vulgar sounds echo out as cum spills out from around Derek's cock.
Luka "Hahhh, ngh, hahhh... Derek... I have something I must report to you, Derek..."
Derek "A report?"
Luka "Yes... Hahh, uhhh... O-Our army is fighting with the army of the Holy Alliance!!"
Derek "What is wrong with you? If you had a report, you should have done so sooner."
Luka "Hahhh, khhhh... khhhhhh..."
He pulls his huge cock from her pussy.
Luka trembles in pleasure from having her already throbbing pussy walls rubbed one last time.
Predicting an intense wave of pleasure coming, she tries to stiffen her body and deal with the force of her cervix being pushed open.
However, his cock remains pulled out of her pussy.
After a moment to doubt...
Luka "Kah, hahh...! Hahhh, hghhh, nghhhhhhhhhhhh...!"
He forces her anus open with his cock.
His massively thick cock was tough for the soft walls of her pussy, but it is now penetrating between the hard walls of her ass.
The normal wrinkles of her anus are stretched to the point that they no longer exist. But it's still not enough, and her anus is pulled even further.
Luka "Kahhhhh! Aghhhh, aghhhhhh...! Ugh, hghhhh, nghhhhh! Hahh, hahhh, hahhhhhh...!!"
Of course, she has pleasured Derek's cock with her ass countless times.
However, the pain of being penetrated is great enough that she always fears that her ass will be torn. Her brain is numbed from it.
Luka "Derek... Master!!"
Luka's face is wet with tears from the burning pain, attacking her anus. She desperately clutches onto her ass in order to endure.
Her toenails desperately dig at the ground.
Because of the pressure in her anus, the cum inside of her pussy gushes out noisily.
Derek "What's the matter? You came to give a report, didn't you?"
Luka "Hahhhhhh! Ahhh, ahhhh! Aghhhh, gffff, nghhh, nghhhhhhhhh!"
His cock is hot and hard like molten metal. It stretches her anus out to the point that there isn't even a hint of a wrinkle as he fucks her ass hard.
The heat pouring into her ass is so powerful that it might erupt out of her mouth. She writhes violently.
Luka "Aghhhhhh! My asshole! My asshole is being fucked so deeply!"
Derek "Who said for you to make that kind of report? I'm telling you to give me a report on the war situation."
Luka "Nghhhhhhhhh!!"
His cock slams into her womb through the walls of her anus.
For a moment, she feels enveloped by the same floating feeling as when she orgasmed.
Burning pain from having her bowels rubbed up again rises within her. Luka is dripping with sweat as she writhes.
Luka "Aghhhhh! Nahhhh, ahhhhh! Hahhh, ahhh, my report! I'll give it to you!"
Luka "Our army, the Service Nation's army has been, nahhhh, pushed back by the enemy's power...! Ahhhhhhhhh!"
Her anus is getting hotter and hotter. The heat burns her body. The sense of her body gets more and more uncertain.
The burning sensation filling her ass lights her bowels on fire. She feels like it's going to start coming out of her mouth.
Her mind is foggy as she desperately searches for words.
Luka "Our main army took a heavy blow... Ugh, gfngh, hghhhhh!"
The heavy and deep blow shakes her organs. She screams as her face is rubbed against the ground.
She is rubbed over and over again as he twists around inside her anus. The swelling of her anus is so bad that she feels like she's bleeding now.
He forcefully thrusts his huge dong into her again. The hot, painful pleasure piercing her body is enough to make her want to cry.
Luka "Ahhhhh, ahhh, nahhhhh! My ass! My asshole! Derek! Derek!"
Derek "It's fine, Luka. First, I'll reward you for reporting on the battle."
Luka "Ohhhhhhhh! Hahhh, ohhhhhhhhhhh! I'm burning up! My asshole is on fire!"
Derek's pounding reaches an intense speed.
Her anus is being plowed. The intense pounding causes her bones to creak. Her whole body is dripping with sweat.
The burning is so hot that it's started to feel cold.
Luka "Derek, Derek, Derek! Me too! Ahhh, I'm going to cum from my asshole already!"
Derek "Good! I'll make you cum from anal."
Luka "Nghhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
His scorching hot rod thrusts so deep and fast. It's nearly piercing through her bowels.
He plunges even deeper into her. She's completely unable to endure it.
Derek's cock is huge and pulsating as it reaches deep into her bowels.
Splllllrrrrrt! Gshhhhhhhh, gshhhhhh, bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Luka "Hahhhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh, nghhhh, hhhhhhhhh! My ass! Semen is filling my asshole!"
Luka "Nahhhhh, incredible! Derek, your hot cum! In my ass!"
She screams orgasmically at the sensation of the huge amount of cum gushing back out of her ass.
The burning sensation in her gut from the cum erupting into her drains her of strength and brings her great comfort.
Luka "Derek! Master! More! Please shoot more cum into my asshole!"
In the midst of her orgasm, her inflamed anus constricts powerfully, gripping tight around his cock which continues to pulsate with cum.
The cum stops for just a moment because of her strong constriction.
However, his cock bounces about crazily right away as though to break the bonds of constriction her ass is placing on it.
Spllllrrrrt!! Gshhhhh!! Bshhhhhh!! Bshhhhhhh!! Gshhhhhhh!")
Luka "Ahhhhh! You're cumming! You're still cumming! Master, your cum is gushing into my asshole... Ah, ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhhh!"
Luka "I'm cumming...!! I'm cumming! I'm cumming from jizz shooting into my ass...!!"
Luka's brown body trembles from her orgasm as enough cum is poured into her to make her think that her belly is expanding.
Her well-stretched anus continuously constricts to suck down all the jizz.
Derek's hips also tremble as he continues to cum with his dick balls deep into her ass.
The heat weakens, and her body is filled with a feeling of bliss. She entrusts everything to that feeling and lets go of her consciousness.
Burning pleasure once again covers her body.
Luka "Hghhhhhhh!? Nahhh, ahhhh, ahhh, hhhhhhh!? Oh, ohhh, ohhhh! D-Derek!?"
Obscene noises spring out of her as Derek stirs about the cum he just shot into her ass. He pounds her asshole forcefully with his dick.
Her loosened ass is pounded quickly like he's chiseling away a rock. Her ass constricts as she screams.
Derek "There are still things to report, right? What is going on with our allies?"
Luka "Gahhhh, ahhhhhh, everybody, ahhhhhh! Everybody seems to be amped up!"
Luka "P-Pleasure! My pleasuring, ohhhh! More intense than usual... Asking for it even more intensely!"
Derek "Are you just saying your own thoughts?"
Luka "Ughhhhh! Ohhhhh, stick it deep inside of my ass again!"
Not just her asshole but the entire lining of her asshole is red and inflamed.
Derek once again plunges in deeper.
His cock has already cum three times, but it just keeps continuing to radiate intense heat.
Luka "Ahhhhhhh, ahhhh, wait, wait, wait! Please wait! I just came myself!"
Derek "What's the matter? Your job is to serve me, right?"
Luka "Hahhhhh, aghh, ahhhhhh! Ughhh, I'm cumming like this again!"
Her sphincter no longer has any sensation from all the rubbing. Derek's cock fucks her ass hard and once again slams into her womb through her anal lining.
Derek confirms his aim for her womb, and his rock-hard cock continuously slams into it now.
Luka "Nghhhh, I feel numb! You keep pounding my womb through my asshole! My head is about to burst!"
Luka "Ahhhhh, I'm going to cum from this! I'm cumming! I'm already cumming from being fucked in the ass!!"
Derek "What are we to do if you cum all on your own? Squeeze your asshole harder to make me cum more."
Luka "Khhhhhhh!? Ugh, ohhhhhhhh! Hahhh, hahhh, aghhhhhh...! I'm... sorry!"
Her body bends from the intense pain. His thrusts make her bones feel numb.
But her anus doesn't show signs of contracting even now.
Luka "Hahhhh, aghhhhh...! My asshole is so loose! Ughhhh! Uhhh... hnghhhh!"
Derek "In that case, you'll have to think of another method."
Luka "Nghhhhhhhh! Hahhhhh!! Khhhh, hahhh, hahhhhh! Y-Yes, sir!"
Luka "My loose ass! Nahhh, even with my loose ass, ahhhhh! I'll do my best to pleasure you, oh, ohhhhh! I'll pleasure you!"
Her thoughts grow dim, but she vows to pleasure Derek.
But no matter how she struggles both her heart and body are at their limit.
Luka "Kahhhhhh! Nahhhhh, nooooo! I can't take it any longer! I've already cum too much from anal. My head is----!"
Derek "In that case, hurry up and make me cum!"
Luka "Wahhhhhh, aghhhhh, ahhhhh...! Nahhhhh, ahhhh! I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!"
Snot dripping from her nose, Luka cries tears of joy as she takes her rebuking and pounding.
Her body, heart, and soul tremble with the joy of being dominated by Derek.
She wants him to use her as a hole more and more from the very bottom of her heart.
Luka "Master, Master! Hahh, hahh, ahhhhhh!"
Derek "Good... Time for the final blow."
Luka "Haghhhhh, ughhh, nghhhh! Hahhh, hahhhh, y-yes, sir! Give it to me! Fill my ass with your spunk!"
The final bits of vigor are squeezed from him, and he thrusts as hard as he can into her ass.
His cock swells to the point of bursting. It rubs her inflamed anus with enough force to make her feel like it is going to tear.
Her asshole is pushed past its limit. Luka's vision is filled with white sparks as she feels like even her stomach is getting fucked.
Spllllrrrt!! Bshhhhh!! Gshhhh! Bshhhhh!! Bshhhhh! Bshhhh!")
Luka "Hahhhh, hahhhhhhh! Aghhhh, ngh, nghhh, hhh, hhh... nghhhhhh!"
Luka "Ahhhhh, y-you're cumming against! You're ejaculating in my ass! Derek, your cum, nghhh, ahhhhhhh!"
His fourth cumshot is so hot. The raging force of it shoots all over her anus.
Luka's mind sways in the ocean of her orgasm. She is forced to even greater heights.
Luka "Nghhhh, ohhhhhhhhh! Ugh, again! I'm cumming again!"
Luka "Ahhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh! It's real! I'm really cumming! I'll cum more! More, more, and more...!!"
Splllrrrrt!! Bshhhh!! Bshhhhh, gshhhhhhh!! Bshhhhhhhhh!!")
Luka "I'm cumming!! Aghhhhhhhh!! My ass! I'm cumming from having you ejaculating inside of my ass!!"
The cum still hasn't lost its stickiness. It's sticking to the walls of Luka's anus. It's burning the lining of her ass.
Luka screams in violent, orgasmic pleasure. Her consciousness finally blips out.
Luka "Ah... ahhhh, ah... kyah..."
He pulls his cock from Luka's body. She just spasms.
A large amount of cum gushes out of her still wide-open anus.
Luka just looks at the ground with vacant eyes.
Derek "Hahh... I've gotten rid of a bit of my frustration. Good job."
Luka "Hahh... hahh, hahh... ahhh... uh, khhh..."
Even though Derek has praised her, she no longer has any strength to reply.
In her exhaustion, her two exposed holes have been used to their limits.
Derek "I'll return to the guardhouse. You should come along quickly without emptying your ass. We've got the next preparations to make."
Luka "Ah... ah, agh... ah..."
Derek smacks Luka's ass and gets dressed before leaving.
Luka just lays in the dirt without looking at him leave.
............
......
...
#01_al005
The following day...
The allies won the first battle on the Canpeace Plains.
The army of the Service Nation launched a counterattack to get back what they lost, but Mel Mel's artillery and Astrid's golems completely crushed them.
But the day after that defeat, the Service Nation's army launches a full frontal counterattack.
It is a thorough offensive that doesn't care about sacrifices that can be taken as reckless or savage.
Overturning their lack of quality, they use their numbers to push back the allied forces despite building a mountain of corpses with their allies.
In addition, one of the few excellent Service Nation generals commands the front line to attack full force to create a guise of only having brute force in order to cleverly conceal a flank of the allied forces.
Messenger A "I've got a message! The Dull army has been forced to retreat!"
Messenger B "Lady Astrid said that the golem army has been dealt great damage. She has called off her attack tentatively!"
Iris "Understood. Good work. You can retreat."
Iris's face is not perturbed despite knowing that her allies are having a hard time.
She gazes out at the entire battlefield with her sharp eyes.
Iris bellows out a battle cry to push the souls of her army into one.
According to the messenger's report, the allied army's battle formation falling into disarray will continue to lead to a greater disadvantage.
If Iris's judgment is mistaken here, the allied armies will shriek out in pain.
Iris grinds her teeth as though trying to endure something. She gazes sharply at the battlefield.
Kohaku "You need not be tense. The trap is going well."
Iris "Ah... Sorry, thank you."
Iris loosens her clenched fist and smiles back at Kohaku.
Kohaku nods back. She gazes at the battlefield standing next to Iris.
Kohaku "What I know of the enemies' movements has been communicated to each regiment."
Iris "How natural for a ninja. I'm very happy that you're our ally."
Kohaku "Even if you praise me like that, I can do nothing more than I have, you know?"
Iris "Hahaha, you've already done more than enough."
If they can grasp the movements of their foes quickly on the battlefield, they'll be able to take an advantageous response.
Kohaku's ninjas allow for that possibility.
Her ninjas are a regiment made up of only women. They're both powerful and agile. They're elite warriors that are skilled at spy work.
Iris believes what Kohaku says and waits for that time to come.
A loud road shakes the land showing the Service Nation's army's recklessness.
And the time has finally come.
Service Nation Soldier "Woooooooo!!"
A battle cry rings out from the top of a small hill to the right.
More than a thousand enemies have separated from the front lines to attack the main army that Iris is in.
Kohaku "Hey, they've finally arrived."
Iris "Ah...!"
Iris grabs the sword hanging on her hips to suppress her battle nerves.
She turns back to her subordinates behind her.
Iris "Everybody, we will crush the Service Nation's army now. It is time to show this world justice!!!"
Knights "Wooooo!!"
Iris "It is no exaggeration to say that now is the time to determine whether or not we can end the Service Nation's tyranny and save the world."
Iris "We must... fight together!!"
Knights "Woooooooo!!"
Iris rides fiercely on her horse and attacks the Service Nation's army.
The elite soldiers under Iris's control are known in the Holy Kingdom as the Holy Knights.
The intended surprise attack ended up just falling right into the allied army's trap. They strike at the enemy battalion with their full force.
The Service Nation meant to take the allied army off guard, but on the signal of their emergence, the allied army surrounds the Service Nation's in a single go.
Astrid's golems should have undergone severe damage, but they appear here for an attack.
The Service Nation's entire army has been cornered like a rat in an instant.
Service Nation General "This is idiotic!? This is so fucking idiotic!? My army should have finally had its victory!! Why are we being defeated here!?"
Service Nation Knight "Your excellency, get out of here! We can't keep going!"
Service Nation General "I promised to achieve victory for Lady Ladomira! Can I dare to run away after all that happened!?"
The main force of the Service Nation's army has gotten chaotic.
The sound of thundering hooves starts again.
After the mounted soldiers led by Iris crush the routing faction of the Service Nation's army, they pierce through their main army like a single spear.
Service Nation General "Idiot...! This can't be! How could this happen!?"
Iris "Prepare yourself!!!"
Iris's sword slashes down the enemy general from atop her horse.
Her knights completely tear through the enemy's main army.
The Service Nation's army has no means to fight against the might of the allied army.
The Service Nation's army is completely decimated.
That night...
Ladomira "Oh, right. We lost. That's too bad."
The large army that had been so confident is almost completely destroyed.
After Ladomira receives a report from a pale knight about to collapse and covered in blood, she just smiles at him with no sense of anger.
Her gentle smile unnerves the senior retainers lined up in the audience room.
However, their appearance has changed considerably from last time.
Of course, it is because many have died from this defeat.
Ladomira is indifferent to these changes and just asks the questions that come to mind.
Ladomira "So? What do you intend to do from here?"
There is nobody who can answer that question.
Nearly everybody looks down as though asking to not be forced to answer.
Ladomira's smile deepens at this sight.
Ladomira "I don't know much about war, but isn't there still things that can be done now?"
Ladomira "We can hold up in the castle and wait for the enemy to retreat or we can launch an attack to crush them. Am I wrong?"
General A "Ah, no, umm..."
The unfortunate general she is directly speaking to desperately struggles to give a deceptive answer.
Ladomira's words are not wrong, but the problem is that neither option is a path to victory.
Holding up in the castle has no meaning unless you have reinforcements coming or the enemy is under time constraints.
And there is no way they can crush the allied forces.
Ladomira "Are you no longer of any use? In that case, you can be my partner, but it's going to be much worse things than being their partner..."
Ladomira "But if I feed on the humans in this city now, I feel like I can do it somehow. Yes, don't you think that would be good?"
General A "Khhh...! L-Lady Ladomira, it's certainly, umm..."
Feed on humans.
The generals tremble knowing exactly what she means by those words.
Ladomira "Huh? Is that bad? Then what should we do? Please tell me."
General A "Uhh... ummm..."
Ladomira "What's the matter? Does nobody have an answer?"
Ladomira looks at the generals standing around, but they all look down to avoid her gaze.
There is a sole man that Ladomira's gaze lands on. Ladomira speaks to him with a happy smile on her face.
Ladomira "Derek, what about you? Do you have some sort of plan?"
Derek "Yes, I think that I have a good plan for the people in the city aside from feeding you, my liege."
General B "Hey, you! You dare suggest increasing the flow of mercenar----!?"
A single general tries to admonish Derek. But Ladomira makes his chest hurt with just a gaze.
Ladomira returns her gaze to Derek as though she's already forgotten about the previous man.
Ladomira "Good, Derek. If you have a plan, I'll leave it to you. Do a good job."
Generals "My liege!?"
The generals are roused by Ladomira's casual words.
It's natural. If Derek was not from the Service Nation, he would be nothing more than a captain.
Ladomira entrusts the command of the army to Derek.
But Ladomira and Derek don't allow their voices to enter their ears.
Derek "I will certainly bring victory to you, my liege."
Ladomira "Good, I look forward to it, Derek."
Still ignoring the high-class generals, and his plan still not unveiled, Derek leaves with all rights entrusted to him.
The general doesn't dare openly object in front of Ladomira. But their opposition to Derek is clear.
With this, the defense of the capital will be unreliable.
But Derek quickly leaves the audience room without showing any concern.
Ladomira calls out to him as though she's suddenly thought of something.
Ladomira "Ah, yes, Derek, I will aid you just a little in your work."
Derek "And what do you suggest...?"
Ladomira "Hahaha, it is something secret. But you can expect it when a good moment comes."
Derek "I thank you for your support..."
Derek gazes at Ladomira wondering if she has seen through his plot for just a moment, but he then takes a knee to express his gratitude like a good subject.
The fate of the Service Nation has been entrusted to Derek.
Eleonora (I-I must hurry...!)
Eleonora had been participating in that most recent meeting. She now rushes to the city gates as soon as she departs from the castle.
After the meeting, Derek gathered together all senior advisors, military officials, and clergymen in the strategy room.
The immoral plan he explained there was decided to move forward with despite Eleonora's desperate protest.
She had to at least get that information out.
An awful premonition makes her heart run cold.
Before the war started, she was already losing her ability to get in touch with her contacts on the outside and leak information to them.
It means that the watchful eye of the Service Nation has grown stronger.
She knows that she's in danger.
But Derek's villainous plan must be conveyed to the outside.
Eleonora (Could he really do that...? No, Derek Rondo would do it...)
Eleonora "Augh...!?"
Eleonora has bounced away as though she just ran into a wall.
Eleonora somehow manages to avoid falling, and she tries to pass to the side of him while apologizing, but suddenly she looks up at the face of the person she ran into, driving her to silence.
Eleonora "Y-You..."
Lucaon "This is the bishop. I'm sorry, you can't avoid it."
He smiles, baring his razor-sharp fangs.
It is the first time they've come face to face, but Eleonora is aware from looking at him that he's one of Derek's subordinates.
The beastman... Lucaon speaks familiarly to Eleonora.
Lucaon "Bishop, where are you headed in such a hurry?"
Eleonora "R-Right... I heard that there are those with injuries, so, umm... I'm going to treat them..."
Lucaon "Is that right? So where are these injured people? I'll send somebody to go in your place."
Eleonora "Eh...? B-But..."
Lucaon "The master told me to stick with you, Ms. Bishop."
Eleonora "Khh!?"
Lucaon lightly grabs Eleonora's wrist.
There is no pain, but it is almost like she has been placed in cuffs, and she can't move.
Lucaon smiles while showing his fangs.
Like a rabbit caught by a wolf, Eleonora is no longer able to move.
Derek "Don't worry about those that have been injured. This city will shortly be a mound of dead and injured."
Derek says that with a laugh as Eleonora is dragged long.
Derek's smile is more animalistic than the beastman, Lucaon.
Eleonora holds her hand to her chest in order to soothe it because it is running wild in fear and anxiety.
Eleonora "I-If that's the case, please surrender to the Holy Alliance. Those girls will surely not let anything bad happen. We can avoid that awful future of the capital being filled with corpses."
Derek "What's your basis for saying that? Did you learn that from some shrewd negotiating with the alliance?"
Eleonora "Wh----!? W-What..."
His voice hits her deep in her core.
Derek flashes a toothy smile at Eleonora because she can't hide that she's shaken.
Derek "I believe I advised you not to stick your neck where it didn't belong."
Derek jerks at Eleonora.
Soldier A "Hehehehehe, she's really got a nice body. She looks much more like a whore than a bishop."
Eleonora "Hhh...!? W-What!? Let go of me!"
Soldier B "Hyahahah! She said to let go! I'd expect nothing less bossy from a bishop!"
The soldiers have bodies suiting a thief. They surround her and grab her arms.
Eleonora admonishes the soldier's actions strongly, but it has no effect.
Derek "I told you to know your place, right? I'm going to teach you that place now."
Eleonora "I-I... kyahhhh!?"
Smiling callously, Derek grabs Eleonora's shoulder.
Eleonora is pushed to the floor the second she realizes it.
#01_al006h_ele01
Eleonora "St-Stop...! This is immoral behavior. The Goddess cannot forgive this...!"
Derek "In that case, pray to the Goddess. Pray that she somehow smites us heathens."
Eleonora "Aghhhh...! Uhh, kfff, how dare you challenge the Goddess... nghhh..."
Derek spreads Eleonora's legs wide open and places himself between them.
The soldiers pin down Eleonora's arms and legs, rubbing her tits and caressing her body.
Her mature tits morph at the rough handling of the men.
Eleonora's skin gives off the scent of an adult woman, exciting their lust.
Soldier A "Your body's nice. You've been vacant all this time, right? What a waste. We're going to take good care of you now, okay?"
A soldier shakes Eleonora's boobs while laughing.
Eleonora "Hahh, khhh... P-Please don't say s-such nonsense...! My body is dedicated to the Goddess...!"
Eleonora twists her neck and gazes hard at the soldiers, but the soldiers just smile even more vulgarly.
Derek "No matter what you say, I'll teach you that your body is in my control and not the Goddess's."
Eleonora "W-What...!?"
Eleonora goes to protest and gasps.
Derek's hand grabs the cloth covering Eleonora's pussy. And she tears it off.
Eleonora "Hahhh... khhh, uhhhh..."
Soldier B "Hyah, ain't she got a pretty little cunt? It's like it hasn't even been used at all, yeah?"
Her small bush and plump labia look like they've never been seen by anybody she loves. It is all exposed before the soldiers.
Their vulgar gaze pierces through her crotch. Eleonora's lower limbs grow stiff. It's like there is an ultra-thin piece of fabric placed upon her crotch.
But because Derek and his soldiers are pressing her down, she isn't able to close her legs even a bit.
Soldier C "Hehehe, you don't have to be so afraid? The commander and even us are well acquainted with taking care of a girl."
The soldiers smile while persistently touching and caressing Eleonora's soft skin.
Eleonora is covered in goosebumps from the fear, but she glares with all of her might at the men.
Eleonora "I-It's okay... If you're going to rape me, rape me...!"
Eleonora "But... But no matter how much you rape my body, you can't do whatever you want with my soul...! My soul is dedicated to the Goddess..."
Derek "I see. You have a sublime heart."
Eleonora's desperate pleas are laughed off by Derek.
Derek "Then, shall you show me how long you can preserve your spirit?"
Eleonora "Hhhh...!? What's that...?"
Eleonora has resolved herself, but she inadvertently gaps.
It isn't the first time she has seen a man's genitalia.
But Derek's cock is the closest one she's ever seen. Its size denotes its great ability even if Derek was incompetent.
She feels fear ooze out of her at the thought of how impossible having something that big penetrate her is.
Soldier A "Hyahahaha, you're happy, aren't ya? You're going to get your dusty cherry popped by the commander's huge ass dick, you know?"
Eleonora "Khhh, khhh, uhhh..."
The soldier ostentatiously prods at her fear. She bites hard on her lip to suppress her weak heart.
Eleonora "Hahh, hahh, hahh... ngh, hahh... G-Good... No matter what is done to me... you will not break my heart..."
Derek "So you're telling us you can do whatever you like?"
Eleonora "Nahh, ah, ah, it's hot..."
Derek's cock is searching for the entrance to Eleonora.
The heat and hardness are greater than she imagined, causing fear to well up from deep inside of her.
Each time Derek traces her pussy with the tip of his cock, her hips tremble uncontrollably.
Soldier B "Hey, what's the matter? Are you unable to wait for the commander's thick cock? Hahahaha..."
Eleonora "B-Be quiet... I, ngh, khhh, uhhh, I-I..."
As though to tell her he's going to put it in now, his entire huge rod rubs on her pussy.
The heat of his cock is enough to make her think that she's going to be burned. It makes Eleonora's voice tremble.
Eleonora "W-What's the matter...? D-Didn't I tell you that if you want to rape me, then go ahead and rape me...?"
Derek "Prepare yourself. Then, I'll enjoy it to my heart's content."
Eleonora "Nghhh... khhh, hahh, hahh, hahhh..."
The instant the moment finally approaches, Eleonora hyperventilates, causing her large breasts to bounce up and down.
Derek smiles like a beast bearing his fangs, and Eleonora grinds her teeth.
Eleonora "Nghhhh... ghhhh, khhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
He forces open her tightly closed folds, and a tearing sound comes from her nethers.
Eleonora desperately focuses strength to every muscle in her body. She forcefully suppresses her screams.
Derek "Hmph, you're not actually a virgin, are you?"
Derek "I heard that you were violently gang raped before joining the church... but it seems that you kept yourself chaste after that. You're quite tight."
Eleonora "Mmmm...! Hahh, hahhh, why is that... aghhhh!? Nghhhhhhhhh!!"
The heat of the foreign object rises up from the pit of her stomach, and she screams unable to endure.
Eleonora "Hahhhhhh, hahhh, hahhh, hahhh, ngh, hahh... ah, ahhh... What...!? Ngh, kfff, khhhhh...!"
The intense pain subsides just a bit, and her narrowly opened eyes open wide.
Derek's huge cock pierces through her crotch.
Her labia are spread so wide it feels like they'll tear. Even just slight movements cause the walls of her pussy to be tugged painfully.
She is reminded of her unwilling deflowering so long ago.
More than that is the pain and force, though.
Eleonora "Ah, ahhh... I... I... nghhh! Kfff, nghhhh, mmm... hahhhh!"
She had devoted her body to her faith, but now it is being sullied by a man's desire.
She's not granted the time to grieve. Her insides are just pushed on.
All of the hair on Eleonora's body stands on end at the feeling of having her stomach pushed upon.
Derek "Because you haven't really been used, you're very stiff, but as an object, it's not bad. With some training, you could make a good whore."
Eleonora "Did you just call me an object...!?"
Eleonora "Nghhhhhhhhhh!?"
His huge cock is pulled out all at once.
The sensation makes her feel like her organs are being tugged along with it. She loses strength in her hips.
He once again thrusts his cock as deep as it can go into her, leaving her no time for her trembling to calm down.
Eleonora "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Her nether regions are thrust into with shocking force. Eleonora's pinned body writhes intensely enough that her back arches.
Derek grinds his hips into her, hollowing her out deep inside.
Eleonora "Hghhhhh...! Unghhh, nghhh, hahhh... haghhhh, mmm, nghhh, hahhhh...!"
Eleonora "Hahhh, hahhhh, aghhhh, ahhhhh... That's, nghhh... s-so... deep... Ughhhh..."
She was confident that she could endure the pain and disgrace. She thought she could endure the disgrace of being raped.
But she doesn't know how to endure this unknown sensation of being thrust deeper than she was aware she could be.
Eleonora (Ah, ahhh, I have to suppress... my moans...)
She tells herself to endure as though chastising her own heart.
Derek's cock is pulsating with heat. It applies pressure to the walls of her pussy as though mocking her efforts.
Derek "I could be your partner for a while, but unfortunately I'm busy. I'll fuck you again later. This time I'll bring it to an end quickly."
Eleonora "Nghhh, hahhh, hahh... hahhh, ahhh, w-what... khhh!?"
Eleonora "Nghhhhhhhhhh!!"
She doesn't have the time to question the meaning of Derek's words before the violent force that pushed up on all of her organs starts again.
Eleonora "Nghhhhhhhhhhh! Hahh, Kaff, hahh..."
The single blow is enough to warp the shape of her abdomen. Sour stomach acid pushes up into her mouth.
She coughs inadvertently, but she isn't given the time to get a hold of her breathing.
Eleonora "Hahhhhhhhhhhhh!! Aghhhhhhh, haghhhhhhhhhhh!!"
The intense pressure and pleasure alternate rapidly back and forth, creating an interweaved tapestry within her mind.
Eleonora "Hahhhh, aghh, ahhhhhh! Nahhh, ahhh, hhhhhh! Ahhhhh, i-it's hot!!"
Derek "Don't just enjoy yourself. Try squeezing your cunt more!"
Eleonora "Hahhhhhhh! Ah, ahhhhhh, ahhh, t-that's not possible! Nghhhhhh, kahhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
His thrusts feel like enough to pierce even her womb. She raises her legs and screams.
Her legs and pussy constrict intensely, squeezing harder into Derek's dick.
Derek "Hmph, if you try, you can do it, huh? Are you hoping that I push you back open?"
Eleonora "Nghhhhh, gmfffffff! Hahhhh, hahhh, not there! Not there! Ah, ahhh, ahhh, st-stop...!"
Eleonora "Ughhhhhhhh!? Kffff, nghhhhh! Ughhhh! Y-You're grinding deep into me! Ugh, nghhhhhhhh!"
Each time Eleonora's womb is thrust up into, she howls like an obscene beast as though some sort of switch has been flipped inside of her.
The other soldiers point and laugh at the state that she's in, but she doesn't have the ability to argue against them.
The pain, pressure, and numb sensation are now filling her uterus further.
It makes Eleonora horrifically afraid.
Derek "Kehehe, you're a real good bitch getting off on the pleasure in your womb. In that case, how about I keep going like this!?"
Eleonora "Eh....? Ah, ahhhhhh, w-wait... Please wait... I'm begging you for even just a second...!?"
Derek only gives her a moment as he readjusts his posture.
But it is only a moment.
Eleonora "Nghhhhhhhh! Mmm, hahhh! Ahhhh, hahhhhhh, haghhhhhhhhh!!"
The intensity of the blow to her womb is enough to shake her whole body.
The pounding gradually increases in force, and Eleonora screams outside of her control as though she were being flung away.
Eleonora "Hahh, ughhhhh! Nghhhh, ughh, khhhhh! I-I'm scared! Ah, ah, ahhhhh, you're just tossing me about!"
Her arms and legs are covered in large droplets of sweat. She unconsciously tries to wrap them around Derek. But the soldiers are pinning her down and don't allow her to succeed.
In replacement, her pussy squeezes tightly on Derek's cock. The walls of her pussy constrict strongly against his raging erection. It's so hot that it feels as though it's burning her while it pushes them back open and penetrates the depths of her womb.
Eleonora "Hghhhhhhhhh! Nghhh, gmffffff! Hahhh, hahhhhh! Hahhh, ahhhh, ahhh, I... I!"
Her womb is burning up so badly that she feels that she can endure any pain or humiliation.
Her body trembles unnaturally, and the rhythm gets strange.
Drool drips from the corners of Eleonora's mouth as she continues to pant.
Derek "I don't think you can handle it any longer. If I'm right, try saying that you're going to cum...!"
Eleonora "Nahhhhhh! Ah, ahhh, hahhhhh! Ahhhh, ahhhhhh, I-I'm going to cum...!? Kahhh, ahhhh! I'm going to cum!"
The notion of cumming burns along her mind as though it has come through divine revelation.
Her mind is seething with indecent thoughts, but she lacks the ability to chastise herself for it now.
Eleonora "Khhhhhh! Ungh, mghhhhhh! Oh, ohhhhhh! I'm going to cum! I'm cumming right now!"
Derek "Good. I'll make you cum with my jizz, so be thankful."
Eleonora "Nghhhhhhh! Hahhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh!"
Derek's pounding gets more intense.
Each time his cock thrusts into her, juices drip alluringly from her pussy, and it is pushed apart with squelching sounds.
Eleonora "Aghhhh, ahhhhh, ahhhhhhh! Anghhhhhh! Oh, ohhhhh, please I'm begging you!"
She doesn't even know what she's asking for.
Her sweat-covered body writhes at Derek's pestering.
Derek's laughter comes in response.
Derek "Hahahahaha, good! I'll make you savor this well!"
Eleonora "Nghhhhh, khhhhhhhhhh!?"
Derek's cock pushes through Eleonora's pussy, digging into her womb.
The head of his cock is hot and hard like molten metal. It is dug partway into her cervix, and for a moment, it seems to expand even further.
Eleonora "Hnghhhhhhhhh! Nghhh, hahhh, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Spllllllllrrrrrrt! Gshhhh! Gshhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Derek's cum hits Eleonora with so much force that it feels like her womb is being pushed upward.
A huge amount of hot jizz pours into her pussy and womb. Eleonora screams, and her hair is thoroughly disheveled.
Eleonora "Hahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhh! I can't take this heat!"
Derek "Who told you to endure! Don't resist! Cum just like that!"
Splllllrrrrt!! Bshhhhh!! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!! Gshhhhhhh!!")
Eleonora "Hahhhhhhhh! I'm cumming! Goddess, no!"
Eleonora "I'm already... cumming!!"
Enough cum to fill up even her womb let alone just her pussy is poured into her. She screams in her uncontrollable climax. The sight of it is something that is unthinkable for such a pure bishop.
Eleonora "Ngh... kahhh, hahh, ngh, hahh, hahh, hahh, hahh, hahh..."
Derek pulls his huge cock from her, and her pussy is left agape.
Cum plops noisily from her open hole. The walls of her pussy have gotten red and swollen from being rubbed too much, but they're also stained white with his cum.
Eleonora's fatigue is at its maximum. She still hasn't mentally recovered from the shame she has undergone.
Derek "You're a better pickup than I thought. Hey, guys, have some fun before work. You can use her however you like."
Soldier A "Of course, Commander! Thank you!"
In her daze, she understands something seeing Derek leave.
She thinks that she has to say something, but the core of her body is so exhausted that even moving a finger feels impossible.
Soldier A "Hehe, well, I guess I'm going to have to be compared to the commander, but I'll make sure we have some fun."
A soldier quickly pulls out his erect schlong. He taps it against Eleonora's crotch.
Eleonora's eyes are vacant, concentrated on some point in the distance.
Eleonora "Eh...? W-What...? Isn't it over...?"
Soldier A "Hey, what're you mumbling about? You've only fucked the commander, yeah?"
Soldier B "Right. Those tits of yours haven't even been used yet, you know?"
Eleonora "Hahhhh, aghhhh...! Ah, ah, ahhhh, hey... ngh, kffff..."
A cock rubs against her pussy, and her boobs are squeezed hard.
Normally, Eleonora would glare at these soldiers with resolute eyes and admonish them.
But she has still not recovered from the shock she received from Derek's cock. Her heart is still withered and weak.
Soldier A "Don't worry! I'll make sure we have lots of fun!"
Eleonora "Hahhhhhh...!! Nghhh, khhhhh, hahh, hahh, augh... a-again... Nghhhhh!"
Her pussy is still hot from being raped, but it is once again penetrated with a cock.
The pressure isn't that great, but it rubs against the swollen walls of her pussy, and no matter what, her hips tremble.
Another soldier squeezes and tugs at her tits. The motion of his hands is not at all apprehensive.
Soldier B "Ohhhh, they're soft! What's with these tits? They're so squishy."
Soldier A "Her cunt's also nice and tight just as the commander said! She's different from a hooker on the side of the road."
Eleonora "Kahhhhh, ahhh, hghhhh, khhhhhh...! Hahhh, hahhhh, ngh, ahhhh! Ah, ahhh, so fast... St-Stop... Khhhh!"
They pound Eleonora roughly showing no care for her body. Her pussy is pushed open immediately after getting raped by Derek.
The aching in her crotch rushes through the rest of her body, and her toes curl.
Eleonora "Nghhhhh, nghhh, nghhhhhh...! Nghhh, hahhh, hahhh, hmffff!"
Eleonora (Ah, ahhh, why...? This is strange... It should just hurt... but...!)
Even though these violent monsters are trampling over her body after she had committed it to the Goddess, she's feeling something other than shame well up inside of her.
She shouldn't be able to accept that fact.
However, the soldiers don't overlook Eleonora's bewilderment or the change going on inside of her.
Soldier A "Hehehe, you're already moving your hips, huh? It's nice having your cunt finally plowed again after so long, huh?"
Soldier B "Her nipples have gotten really pointy too. The bishop ended up being a huge pervert, huh!?"
Eleonora "Khhhhhh! Nghhh, hahhhh, aghhh, nghhhh...! Hahh, hahhh, ahhh, I, nghhh, I... ahhhh!"
She is mocked, and her nipples are pinched down so hard that they feel like they will be crushed into dust.
The pain of having her walls gyrated against causes the toes of her raised legs to curl all the more.
Eleonora tries to push her feeling back down deep into her heart and stare firmly at the soldiers.
Eleonora "Haghhh, khnghhh... hahhh, hahhhh! Nahhh, ahhh, d-don't say anything strage... please, ahhh, ahh, amghhhh...!"
Eleonora "I... khhhh, hhhh! Nghhh, I... I am not... nghhhhh..."
Soldier A "Hahaha, what are you saying? You enjoyed getting raped by the commander, though!"
Eleonora "Nghhhh, hhh, kffffff! Ungh, hahhh, hahhhh...! Ah, ahhh, i-it's hot... It's so hot! No, nahhhh, aghhhhhhhh!"
The soldier's cock makes obscene noises each time it pushes through her pussy thanks to his long thrusts.
The pain and pleasure mix. She inadvertently begins to want to give her body over to the sensation, but she shakes her head from side to side, rebuking herself and returning a challenging gaze at the soldiers.
Eleonora "Hahhh, haghhh, nghhhhh...! Hahhh, you are... pathetic... Ahhhhh!"
Eleonora "Nghhhh, kfff, nghhh! Hahhh, ahhh... Y-You just interpret girls', ah, ahh, behavior in whatever manner would be the most convenient for your own desires...!"
The soldiers stir at the overly provocative words coming from the body that they're raping.
But one soldier just laughs at Eleonora's desperate moralizing.
Soldier C "Hey, Bishop. This isn't the time to be giving a sermon, you know? If you've got time to drone on about that kind of thing, stick my dick in your mouth."
Eleonora "Ngbffff!? Mmmmmmm! Mgfff, lckkk, bfff, hbbffff, mgggghhhh!"
He forces his cock into her mouth, pushing down on her head.
His rank stench is so concentrated that it bombards her brain with its foul odor.
She momentarily feels the urge to vomit and tries to spit his cock out of her mouth, but he just thrusts all the harder.
She gets goosebumbs from the horror of his cock rubbing against her tongue, cheeks, and pharynx.
Eleonora "Mbffff, nghhh, bpffff, khhh, fmmmm! Ngh, nghhh, nghh, ugh, gbmmmffff!"
She tries to pull her head even just a slight bit away, but the cock just thrusts itself even deeper in response.
The underside of her tongue gets coated in his semi-congealed smegma, driving Eleonora to tears.
The rotten stench is so horrific and the violence so great that she could never have even had nightmares of such a thing.
Her mouth is sealed, but she doesn't even want to breathe through her nose, leading to oxygen deprivation.
Soldier C "Hehehehe, you sure do suck dick like you like the taste, huh? Alright, drool a lot more and cover by cock with it using your tongue."
Eleonora "Muah!? Mffff, fmgghghhh...! Nghhhh, gmmmfff..."
He thrusts his cock about in a circular motion inside her mouth.
Every corner of her mouth is traced by his cock. She naturally salivates a huge amount to wash out the sour-tasting object.
Drool drips from the sides of Eleonora's mouth.
The soldiers laugh at Eleonora.
Soldier A "You look happy with that thing shoved in your mouth! How about savoring my cock with your lower mouth!?"
Eleonora "Nbfffff!? Mghhh, mmmm! Ugh, hmnghhhh!"
The soldier readjusts his footing and plunges his dick deeper into her pussy.
The soldier playing with her tits also continues to squeeze the hard and rhythmically.
The soldier forcing her to blow him also doesn't lighten up. He thrusts his hips, rubbing his cock against the inside of her mouth.
Eleonora "Mgbfff!? Mmfff, ughh, brppp, kaff...!? Hahhh, ghhhhh!"
Her pussy, chest, and mouth are all raped. Eleonora gags and coughs because of it.
Because of that, she needs to breathe deeply, and her brain is penetrated by the rich stench of cum as she breathes.
She unconsciously turns her thoughts to her pussy as it gets fucked deeply. Her back stiffens as she writhes.
Eleonora "Khhhh, hahh, hahhhhhh!! Pahhh, ughhh, nbfff... pahhhh! Haghhhhh!"
Eleonora "Sckkkk, sckkk, sckkkkk! Pahhh, hahhh, hahhh... W-Wait... mghhhh!"
Having even her mouth raped, Eleonora looks for an interval in their movements to somehow successfully urge them to stop.
Of course, she never even has the opportunity. The man in her mouth just laughs as he thrusts his cock once again deep into her mouth.
Soldier D "Ahhh, shit! I can't wait any longer!"
One of the soldiers can't wait any longer. He starts jerking himself off.
Another soldier taken by his action also starts to jerk off at the sight of Eleonora being gang raped.
Soldier A "Hehehe...! The bishop seems like she can't endure for much longer either... so shall we wrap this up soon!?"
Eleonora "Nbffff, mglllkkk, mbfffff...! Pah, nghhhh, ugh, gblllk, nbfff, muah, sckkkk!?"
The soldier raping her pussy and the one raping her mouth both start to hump even faster.
Eleonora (Ahhhhh, I-I...!! W-What, ahhh, is happening? This sensation is...!?)
She feels something welling up deep inside of her.
Her hips are bouncing up and down, and her pussy tightens hard around the cock inside.
Soldier A "Khhhh...! Shit, I'm almost there...!"
Soldier C "Me too! It's been quite the feat! Don't you think, Bishop!?"
Eleonora "Ngh! Nbff! Lcckkk! Sckkk! Sckkkkkkkkkkkkkk!"
Eleonora's body shakes at having her mouth and pussy raped so quickly.
The cocks are deep in her mouth and pussy. She's spit-roasted by their two cocks.
Eleonora "Nbmmmmffff!? Gbblkkkk, gmmmff, mghhh, mfffffff!"
Splllllrrrt!! Bshhhhh!! Bshhhhhh!! Bshhhhh!! Bshhhhh!! Bshhh!!")
The cocks are pulsating powerfully. Cum erupts from both of them at the same time in Eleonora's mouth and pussy.
The soldiers jerking themselves off around her also shower her with their spunk.
The sensation of cum shooting into her womb, running down her throat, and pelting her skin makes her arch her back and writhe.
Eleonora "Hghhhhh! Ugh, mgnghh, nghhhhhh! Nbfff, bfff! Pahhhhhhhhhhh!"
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhhhh!! Bshhhhhhh! Bshhhhh! Gshhh, gshhhhhh!!")
The amount of cum shooting into her and onto her from all of the people makes Eleonora's vision go white.
But Eleonora remains aware of the hot, pulsating cocks in her pussy and mouth until the very end.
Eleonora "Hahh, ngh, hahh... hahhh, ahhh... ahhhhh, nghhh, pahhh... kaff, kaff... hahh, hahhh..."
Her body both inside and out is covered in jizz. Her breathing is ragged.
The scent on her breath and body reeks of cum.
Eleonora (Ahhhh... I have been... sullied so much... Uh, uhh... Even my belly is full...)
Eleonora is about to sob at the thought of how filthy her body has become.
Soldier A "No, I came. It was really good. Right in her cunt."
Soldier E "Alright! I'm next!"
Soldier F "No, aren't I next!?"
Eleonora (Ahhh... Lady Iris, Lady Seraphina... save...)
The soldiers argue about who gets to go next in front of Eleonora's exhausted body.
All Eleonora can do is pray to the gods that Iris and company are safe.
............
......
...
#01_al007
Several days later...
Astrid "In the end, we haven't seen any enemies since that first battle, huh?"
Mel Mel "What an anti-climax! All this heavy artillery I prepared is going to waste!"
The allied army is now only a day away from the capital of the Service Nation.
The Service Nation's army has shown no signs of counterattack or resistance lately.
Iris "The report from the scouts is that there isn't anything particularly suspicious, right?"
Kohaku "......"
Iris "Could something have actually happened?"
Kohaku's face looks stern as she gazes ahead.
However, when Iris repeats her question, she softens her expression as if to make up for something.
Kohaku "Eh? Ah, yeah, sorry. There are no reports from the scouts of anything odd. The Service Nation's army is still withdrawn to the capital."
Iris "I see... I guess it's fine then..."
Iris looks at Kohaku, but she can no longer see any of the earlier sternness.
Iris thought something had happened, but she put her worries to bed for now, assuming that she has just been thinking too much.
Kohaku once again conveys the results of the information analysis to Iris.
Kohaku "The enemy seems to intend to hold up in their castle."
Mel Mel "But that's idiotic! They've got no reinforcements coming. They can't withstand a siege!"
Astrid "That'd be why I've got a bad feeling about this."
Astrid stares ahead at their marching army as she mutters.
Of course, it still isn't visible to the naked eye, but in the far-off distance is the capital of the Service Nation.
There are no humans beyond the Service Nation. It is just a barren waste filled with monsters.
Astrid "I think it's impossible, but could they actually be getting help from the monsters to the north?"
Astrid says in disbelief.
But the possibility isn't zero.
The one who rules the Service Nation is a tiefling----a monster with a mind.
Kohaku "There's no need to worry. I sent scouts out that way as well just in case, but they didn't spot anything out of the usual."
Kohaku "Of course, we also have no choice but to protect our supply lines."
Astrid "Yes... in that case, it's fine."
Mel Mel "It's no problem! If any monsters do actually show up, I'll just blow them away with my artillery!"
Astrid "Have you ever considered being a little bit more serious?"
Mel Mel "Isn't it a waste to get so worked up over something when nothing has happened yet?"
Iris "Certainly... I think Mel Mel is right."
All eyes are drawn to Iris, and they all give her a slow nod.
Iris "After their earlier defeat, it isn't a mistake to see them hiding away in their capital as some sort of final plot, though."
Iris "But the important thing is for us not to be perturbed by whatever plan the enemy might have. We need to have resolute hearts."
Astrid "Yes, you're right."
Mel Mel "Yeah, wasn't that what I was just saying!?"
Astrid "You didn't say that, did you?"
Mel Mel "You've got to be joking!?"
Mel Mel gets teary eyes and rubs her face with her fingertips.
But right after she finished rubbing her face, she already returns to her usual smile.
Mel Mel "No matter what tactics the enemy uses, our victory is certain! Yeah?"
Kohaku "Yeah, if something unsettling happens, tell me right away."
Astrid "Right. We need to focus on using all of our might without being careless."
The three of them voice their determination and turn back to Iris.
Iris accepts their gaze and gives a strong nod.
Iris "We likely won't be done by tomorrow. But tomorrow will certainly be a great turning point."
Iris "In order to realize our goal of ending the Service Nation and to save the world from danger, I'm expecting you all to fight valiantly...!"
The three of them nod back firmly to Iris's encouragement.
It will all be decided tomorrow. The deciding battle is close at hand.
After the night passes... the morning of the battle finally comes.
Astrid "I wonder if they want to be praised for having the courage to show up."
Astrid mutters half-surprised.
They thought the Service Nation would surely be holed up in their capital, but there is a formation of troops waiting for them at the main gate.
Given the scale, it seems that they also intend for this to be the final battle.
Astrid "I guess they didn't want to have to deal with being sieged either."
Astrid leads the left wing of the army. She checks on the rest of her comrades from there.
Iris takes the center and Mel Mel takes the right. They both have their armies in position for battle.
The key to their victory could be said to be the right flank led by Mel Mel.
Mel Mel's artillery unit cannot be compared to archers in terms of either range or power. No matter how sturdy the walls are, it is only a matter of time.
Furthermore, the foxfolk ninjas led by Kohaku are also on the left.
The excellent tactical strength of the foxfolk can cause chaos in the enemy ranks. They will serve a useful role in allowing Astrid's golems to crush their foe.
Astrid "Well... shall we meet their expectations?"
Quickly, Iris's main force gives the signal to charge.
Astrid was just about to head towards her own side in preparation for that.
Astrid "Huh...? The castle walls...?"
There are some movements along the walls surrounding the capital.
Squinting at it, Astrid is at a loss for words.
Mel Mel "If there are that many people on the castle walls, ain't that where we come in?"
Lines of people are standing on top of the walls. Those walls are the artillery unit's target.
However, there is hardly a single soldier among them.
It is mostly crying women, children, and the elderly with the minimum number of soldiers there to ensure they don't leave.
Mel Mel "What're they thinking doing something like that!? They're too low!"
In order to protect the capital from the artillery, they're using a human shield rather than castle walls.
This is the tactic that Derek decided on.
Mel Mel "We'll ignore the castle walls for now and just strike at the enemies that we can hit from this distance."
Mel Mel is certain of her judgment.
When the enemy decided to fight rather than be sieged, this was already the plan they had decided upon.
Mel Mel follows the plan and has her subordinates readjust their aim.
At that time, she notices the main gate of the capital opening.
Mel Mel "Huh...? Do they intend to bring reinforcements already?"
Mel Mel focuses her sight on the enemy's movements while being bewildered by their actions.
What appears from the opened gate is not an army clad in armor.
It is a small battalion of soldiers with carts pulled by horses.
Mel Mel unconsciously shouts upon seeing it.
Mel Mel "What's that!? Are they stupid!? I can't believe this!"
It is something that thoroughly crushes the dignity of women.
#01_al008h_ele02
Old Man A "Ah, Lady Eleonora... how horrible..."
The citizens of the capital gaze at Eleonora crucified before them. They let out wails of agony.
Eleonora notices people amongst them that she knows and feels shame fill her cheeks and bite her lips.
Eleonora (Uh... It's gotten this bad... This country... how far is Derek Rondo going to push it...)
She gazes at the man standing before her while grinding her teeth at the awfulness she is undergoing.
Eleonora isn't just basically naked now. She's also bound in a position that forces her crotch to be exposed.
Additionally, dildos are deeply plunged into both her pussy and her ass.
Moreover, semen drips out from the gap between her flesh and her dildo. Strings of cum dangle down from her pussy.
It's not just her crotch that is covered in cum. Her face, hair, and breasts are also all covered in spunk.
Raped by the soldiers all night, Eleonora was tied up like this with no chance to even wipe her body.
Derek "Can you see, Eleonora? Many men have gathered to see your sexy body, yeah?"
Eleonora "Khh..."
Derek snaps his fingers and the citizens lined up on the castle walls face the Holly Alliance's army.
Certainly, at this distance, the Holy Alliance's army cannot see her clearly, but she squeezes her legs hard, trying to hide her crotch even if only a little.
But all it does is cause the chains binding her to make noise, and she cannot close her legs at all.
Far from that, her attempts to resist the humiliation just result in the soldiers' laughter.
Eleonora "Hahh... hahhh..."
Eleonora once again criticizes herself for allowing herself to look so pathetic.
She takes a deep breath and turns her now resolute face-up. She can see the showy red hair of the Holy Alliance in the distance.
Eleonora (Lady Iris... I'm sorry for exposing you to my shame... Please don't worry about me...)
Eleonora apologizes deep inside of her heart to the women she continually leaked information to.
And Derek smiles as though he can hear her inner thoughts before shouting out toward the Holy Alliance's army.
Derek "You've come quite far, Holy Alliance! You're just in time for the punishment of our traitor! I hope you enjoy the show!"
Derek "I vow to you one thing! If you do anything other than watch, we will immediately execute her! Act according to that knowledge!"
The Holy Alliance screams out regretfully.
Derek snorts and laughs. He stares at the citizens of the Service Nation as they watch Eleonora in pain.
Derek "There are those amongst you who have been bewildered by her words."
Derek "But even if... they know your true nature, will they still be able to believe in her?"
The citizens huddle together uneasily at Derek's cruel laughter. They stare into one another's faces.
Derek smiles as though baring fangs and returns his gaze to Eleonora.
Derek "Well, I've made you wait long enough, Eleonora. Now, it's time for you to get pleasured."
Eleonora "You... you can do whatever you want to me. No matter how awful the torture, my heart will not break..."
Derek "I heard similar words from you last night."
Derek laughs as he says that before taking a whip from one of his subordinates.
The soldiers around her cheer. She prepares herself for the coming moment and grinds her teeth hard.
Whsh!")
Eleonora "Nghhhhh!!"
The sound of the whip cutting through the air can be heard immediately after.
The intense pain is enough to make her feel that he breasts have been lit on fire. Eleonora's bound body arches back as hard as it can.
Not just the chains binding her but even the crucifix creaks loudly.
Eleonora "Khhhhhh, khhhh, hahhh, hahhhhhh, ngh... hahhhhh..."
Her rough breathing slips through her gritted teeth as the strength slowly leaves her body.
Her entire body weight is placed on her wrists and knees, but the pain in her chest is more overwhelming.
The hot pain pulsates as though her entire body has become her heart.
Her pinned breasts heave up and down with her breath, but just that movement makes her feel even more pain.
Her whole body is covered in sweat from the blows.
Eleonora "Kaff, kaff... khhhh, ngh, hahh, hahh, hahh... ngh, hahh..."
Due to her coughing, the saliva that has built up in her mouth dribbles out and onto her breasts.
But Eleonora stares at Derek with a stern gaze.
Derek "Good. But how long are you going to be able to stare at me like that?"
Derek laughs and once again swings the whip.
Whsh!")
Eleonora "Aghhhhhh...!!"
Whshhhh! Whshhhhhh!!")
Eleonora "Khhhhhhh! Mmmmmmm...!"
He continues to whip her, and she is slashed with searing pain each time.
Eleonora twists her body desperately in time with the sounds from the whip. Sweat dribbles from her body as she continues to bite down to somehow stifle her cries.
Eleonora "Hahhh, hahhh, hahhh... nghhh, khhh... hhh, hahh, hhh, hahh..."
Even just breathing causes her wounds to feel pain.
It feels like her breasts have expanded to twice her normal size.
Additionally, perhaps because she is writhing too much in pain, she feels a strong but strange feeling building in her crotch.
The uncomfortable sound of cum somehow excreting from inside of her bowels.
She does her best to endure it. Eleonora stares daggers at Derek.
Eleonora "Did you think... hahh, hahh... khhh, you could make me scream... from t-this alone...?"
Eleonora "If you want to hit me... hit me as much as you please..."
Eleonora puffs out her chest covered in several wounds from Derek's whip.
However, Derek feels no rage or pressure. He just smiles more sadistically.
Derek "I see. You truly have splendid resolve."
Eleonora "Nghhh...! Khhh, uh, uhhh, nghhhh...!"
Derek pushes on the end of the dildo buried into her crotch with the whip's handle.
Eleonora grimaces from the different pain brought by the whip as her pussy is tortured further after the rape all last night.
The whip leaves hardly any marks, but her pussy is already aching with hot pain.
Cum squelches out from around the dildo.
Eleonora looks down and grits her teeth at the obscene noise she has now grown used to.
Derek "It certainly hurts when you're attacked down there, huh? Let's make things a little easier."
Eleonora "Eh...? Ah, ugh...!"
Derek yanks the dildo out of her quickly.
Eleonora "Khhh, uh, uhhhhhh... khhhhh, ngh, uhhhhhh..."
Because the dildo that had been in her for so long was suddenly pulled out, her pussy is agape.
A surprising amount of cum gushes out from there.
The sensation of the jizz running down her pussy and the cold air now grazing across there causes her to tremble.
Derek "It seems like my subordinate kept fucking you without a break."
Eleonora "T-This is... This is proof of your sin. All you can do is tyrannize women without controlling your desires...!"
Strings of cum drip down from her crotch.
Normally, this would not be a strange situation for her to cry out in, but Eleonora doesn't stop staring sternly at Derek.
Derek takes pleasure in Eleonora's reaction.
Derek "I'll continue to let you enjoy yourself. If what is dripping out of your cunt is proof of our sin... what the hell is that which is dripping out of your asshole?"
Eleonora "Eh? Ah..."
Eleonora "Khhhhhhh...! Nghhh, nghhh, hahhh... hahh, nghhh, hahhhh, nghhhh..."
Eleonora has no time to speak before the dildo stuck up her anus is quickly pulled out.
The sensation of the lining of her ass being rubbed forces her to raise her chin and take many anxious breaths.
A huge amount of cum drips from her gaping anus.
Eleonora desperately tries to make her asshole close, but because of all of the rape and the dildo being in there for so long, she's absolutely incapable of doing it.
Eleonora "Uh, uhhhh, why...? It won't close... Nghh, nghhh, khhh, khhhh...!"
The sensation of her dirty hole being agape is certainly unbearable for Eleonora.
She desperately tries to make her anus close, but her sphincter is paralyzed and won't move. Even if it closes slightly, it slowly returns to its previous state right away.
Eleonora "Hghhh...!? Nghhh, khhh, khhh, kfff, hahh, ngh, nghhh... hahh, hahh, hahhhh... uh, ah, ahhh, it's not possible... Nghhhh...!!"
Her mind is suddenly focused on the pain in her abdomen over the lingering pain in her chest from the whipping.
Because of the position she has been forced into, there is great pressure on her belly, and she can't escape the pain.
Sweat beads on Eleonora's head.
Sweat drips out from around her widely spread anus.
Derek "It looks like that hole has also been played with thoroughly. What's the matter? How long do you intend to leave you asshole agape?"
After Derek's question, he whips her.
Whshh!")
Eleonora "Anghhhhhhh...!!"
Whshhhh! Whshhhhh!!")
Eleonora "Hahhhhhh! Aghhh, nghhhhhh...!!"
Screams finally explode out of Eleonora's throat.
The whip continues to press against Eleonora's crotch.
The intense pain causes her agape anus to tighten.
The whip continues to strike her immediately adjacent to her anus.
Whshhhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Kyahhhhhh...!!"
The whip tears through the air, striking her sensitive skin. Eleonora's body dances about from the pain.
The sight of her intense pain causes wails from the audience, but Eleonora doesn't have it in her to tell them that it's alright.
Eleonora can only endure the flurry of strikes.
Eleonora "Nghhh, khhh, hahhhhh... haghh!? Uh, ah, agmff, ngh, hahh...! Hahh, ah, ah, ahhhhhh... No, nooooo..."
The whipping finally stops. Eleonora tries to somehow gain control over her breathing, but the pain from the strike of the whip is clearly different from the previous attack.
The huge amount of cum inside of her is noisily released due to the pressure being applied by the whip.
Eleonora "Hahh, hahh, hahhhhh... nghhh, ghhhh... hahh, hah, ahhh... This is... Hahhh, nahhh, ahhhhhhhhhh...!!"
Grmblllllll...!!")
An unnatural sound echoes from Eleonora's belly.
The soldiers look up at Eleonora and grin at the strange sounds echoing out of her. The people look around themselves before turning their worried eyes back to Eleonora.
Eleonora "Agh, ah, hahh, ahhh... Please... Nghhh...! Don't look... Ah, ahhhh, hhh, hhh, hffff, hahhh...!!"
Grmblll, grmbllllll...!")
The pain in her abdomen gets tighter and tighter.
Eleonora opens her mouth and breathes shallow breaths, trying to somehow distract herself from the pain.
Derek "What's the matter, Eleonora? Don't you seem to be in much more agony than earlier? Has the whipping gotten effective?"
Derek feigns ignorance while knowing the truth. He once again whips her.
Whshhhh!")
Eleonora "Noooooooooooooo...!!"
Whshhh! Whshhh! Whhsshhhh!!")
Eleonora "Kahhhhh! Hah, haghhhhh! Hahhhhhhhhhhh...!!"
The whip strikes around her asshole again. It grazes her anus, and Eleonora's crucified body jumps.
The force reverberates into her belly, and a new pain erupts from there.
Eleonora "Kfff...! Hahh, hahh, haghhh, nghhh! Nghh, khhh, kff, hahh, hahhh...!"
Even when the whipping stops, Eleonora's pain rather than taking a break actually just gets more intense.
It's not just the numb sensation from her wounds but also her anus stings from the pain brought about inside of her.
From the ceaseless attacks, Eleonora's eyes have filled with tears, and her body sways with the creaking of the crucifix.
Derek "What's the matter? What are you trying so hard about? Just give in. How about just letting out everything that's built up inside of you?"
Eleonora "Nghhhh...!? Hahh, kahhh, kyahhh...! Hhhh, hahhh, hhh... Stop...!!"
Derek twists the end of the whip into her abdomen.
Grmblll! Grmblllll!")
Eleonora "Nghhh...! Hhhh, hahhh, hahh, hahhh, hahhhh, hahh, hahhhhhhhhh!"
Eleonora feels something rippling through her in accompaniment to those distorted noises.
The cum in her bowels is pushed toward her anus.
Her shame is exposed. Eleonora's ass is burning with pain. She desperately tries to put strength in her anus.
Grmblllllllll!!")
Eleonora "No... No, no, ahhhhh...! Oh, ohhhhhh, please... aghhh, hahh, hahhh, hhhh, hhh, hhhhh...!!"
The burning pain from the previous whip lashings to her breasts and crotch still persists.
Despite that, a chill sweat won't stop running down Eleonora's body.
Her voluptuous body continues to tremble.
Crucified and her legs spread wide, her anus starts to spasm in agony.
Bshhh! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhhh!")
Along with the vulgar tearing noise, the cum bubbling up erupts out of her anus.
Wails come from the audience, and the soldiers laugh.
It riles up Eleonora's shame to an unendurable degree, but the pain gets even greater.
Eleonora "Please...! Enough... Hahh, hahhh... Enough already... Nghhhhh!"
Her restrained limbs struggle as her body spasms.
Cum once again gushes from her anus, causing it to spasm.
The fluids leaking from her bowels burn the lining of her anus. Her body writhes in pain.
Derek "What are you enduring for? Shit out that cum in front of everybody."
Eleonora "Hahh, hahhh, hahh... hahhh, hhh, hhhh, hfff, hggg, kfffff, nghhhh! Hahh, hahh, ah, ah, ah, ahhhh!"
Grmbllll! Grmbllllll!")
Eleonora's belly once again makes strange sounds like something is undulating through her.
Bshhhh! Bshhhhhh! Bshhhh!")
At about the same time, obscene sounds are made. A small amount of water squelches out of Eleonora's anus.
Eleonora's ass continues to spasm because it has been pushed to its limit.
She devoted her body to god, but a huge amount of semen is gushing out of her asshole. Tens of thousands of people from various different countries are audience to her shitting.
This act should not be allowed. No matter how disgusting she looks, she desperately attempts to squeeze her anus, thinking that she has to endure it.
Derek "I acknowledge your endurance, but this is all just a part of my plan."
Eleonora "Nghhhhhh!? Nghh, hhhhh, ahhh, no! Stop... Ah, ah, ah, ahhhhh!"
Derek twists the handle of the whip into Eleonora's belly as though mocking her efforts.
A sharp pain wells up in her chest. Eleonora's body bounces wildly because of it.
Because of that, her asshole is prodded a lot, forcing the contents of it out of her.
Eleonora "Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!! No, noooooooooooo! I can't take any more of this!!"
Bshhhhhh! Bshh, bshhhh! Bshhhhhhhhh!")
Eleonora's agonizing screams accompany the sound of a ton of excrement being released from her body.
The soldiers are excited, and the rest of the audience wails in horror.
Eleonora's anus is pulled considerably open, and a huge amount of cum forcefully erupts. out of her anus.
Eleonora "Ahhhhhh, please I beg you! Stop this already!"
Bshhhh! Bshhh! Bshhhhhhhhh!")
Because of her continued worthless attempts at endurance, she no longer has the strength to have her sphincter close in order to stop her from shitting.
Her desperate pleas are worthless, and cum continues to erupt from her gaping anus.
Eleonora "Noooooooooooo! Don't look! Don't loooooooook!!"
The wrinkles of her anus are completely gone. Eleonora tosses about and screams at the eruption shooting out of her anus.
Eleonora "Uh, uhh... khhh... kfff, aughhh..."
Even when the eruption ends, cum still dribbles out of her agape anus.
The soldiers point and laugh at her.
However, as a bishop leading her people and more than anything as a woman, her dignity has been damaged. She no longer has the fortitude to respond with anything.
The pain of having the sight of her shitting exposed to the public is beyond imagination.
Eleonora "Nghh... hahh, hahh, ahhh... hahh, uhhhh..."
Her anus closes tight before once again slowly opening back up.
The soldiers once again laugh at her as all she can do is groan while looking through vacant eyes.
............
......
...
#01_al009
Iris "You... Derek Rondo!!"
Iris calls out the name of her enemy before the immoral spectacle unfurling before her.
She wants to cut down that man right now.
Iris tightly grips her sword's handle to suppress that impulse. But her fists are trembling with anger.
Soldier "Lady Iris... what should we do?"
Iris "No change in strategy. We wipe out the enemy army before us just as we planned!"
Soldier "Is that okay?"
The soldier finally confirms that they won't be saving Eleonora without specifically asking about it.
Iris just stays silent and gives a slight nod.
Blood oozes from her overly-bitten lips.
Iris tries to give her an order.
At that time, the enemy army unleashes a powerful battle cry and charges all at once.
All of the gates around the walls of the castle open and even more enemy soldiers appear.
Iris "Khh... They still have that many soldiers...!?"
She feels ashamed of herself for having such low expectations.
Suppressing the shame through logic, Iris once again commands her army to charge.
Iris "Full force ahead! We will slay the foul Service Nation here!"
Hearing Iris's command, her army unleashes a powerful battle cry to show that they will not lose to the Service Nation.
The artillery unit on the right flank led by Mel Mel starts launching a powerful barrage.
The Service Nation's army doesn't stop charging forward despite the all-out attack they're receiving.
They recklessly charge into the Holy Alliance's army with no fear.
Troll "Grahhhhhhhhh!!!"
Holy Alliance Soldier A "Gyahhhhh!?"
Overwhelming violence is made manifest.
The Service Nation employs monsters as soldiers. This is the first time they've been used in this war, however.
The allied army can contend in terms of numbers, but it cannot be denied that they feel like they're being overwhelmed.
Holy Alliance Soldier B "Hhhh, hhhhh!? There's no way we can stop them...!"
Holy Alliance Commander "Don't be a coward! Battalion five, stiffen your formation. We have the numbers! Gahhh!?"
Holy Alliance Soldier C "Ahhhhh!? C-Commander!?"
Ogre "Grahhhhhhhh!!!"
Within the large enemy force, although their numbers are small, the strength of a monster is not something an ordinary human can fight against.
The Holy Alliance's formation is torn through due to their fangs and claws.
Astrid "Tch... Kohaku, what is happening?"
Astrid is growing impatient because she can use her golems to compete with the large monsters.
Astrid and Kohaku are in joint command of the left flank, but contact from Kohaku has ceased.
She thinks that she is fighting the enemy army in a place that she is unaware of.
But it is certain their front line is being torn through.
There is one other thing causing Astrid's impatience.
Astrid "How could they throw ordinary people onto the battlefield...!"
Yes, the people holding weapons on the front lines are clearly women, children, and the elderly.
Of course, such a hastily prepared and weak army could do no damage to the Holy Alliance's army.
But the Holy Alliance cannot cut down such people.
However, the monsters are fighting alongside them.
Astrid wants to quickly send in her golems, but she would inadvertently decimate the civilians.
Suddenly, one of her pupils calls out.
Bibi "Prof, this way! A path has opened!"
Astrid "Understood! Let's go!"
Izabella "Yes!"
Amy "U-Understood...!"
Her three pupils respond to her command.
Each of their golems seems to howl.
Astrid "Get out of the way!!"
Ogre "Gyahhhh!?"
An ogre can take on several human soldiers by himself, but Astrid pulverizes one of them in a single blow with her golem.
Astrid slams full speed into a mighty troll.
Bibi "Prof, you're going too fast!"
Astrid "Girls, attack the enemies I've slammed into!"
Izabella "U-Understood! Hey, guys!"
Amy "Y-Yeah... I-I'll do my best!"
Her pupils attack multiple monsters under Astrid's command.
The overwhelming destructive power of the powerful golems returns enthusiasm to the Holy Alliance's army.
Astrid hits a troll at full force.
Astrid "Ahhhhhhhhhh!!"
Troll "Grahhhhhhhh...!?"
The troll's huge body falls, causing the earth to shake.
The soldiers around get a huge wave of energy from this.
But there is no time to celebrate.
An even bigger monster comes stomping in. His steps feel as though they shake the ground itself.
He is much bigger than the golem. He sends the soldiers of the Holy Alliance fleeing in panic.
Orcs and goblins attack them as they flee.
Bibi "Prof!!"
Astrid "Girls, protect our fleeing allies! I'll take that thing on!"
Izabella "You can't! It's too dangerous to do so alone!"
Astrid "It's okay, you girls retreat!"
Astrid turns her back to her students after confirming that they're indeed leaving and charges at the lone giant monster.
He is a black ogre. Ogres are known for their ferocity. If he hit Astrid with the giant poles he swings, Astrid's golem would easily be destroyed.
Astrid "But it's not just about power!"
Astrid screams to amp herself up. She slams right into the black ogre.
Having noticed her, the black ogre swings its huge arms at her.
Astrid "You're too late!!"
Astrid tries to slam the fist of her golem into the solar plexuses of her foe.
But in that moment...
Astrid "Eh...!? Kyahhh!?"
Suddenly the golem stops moving.
Before she has a just to wonder what happened, she takes a blow from the black ogre.
Astrid's balance is shaken, and she is thrown from the golem's shoulder.
Astrid "Gah...! Hahhh, hahhh, hahhh, aghhh... kfff, hahh, hahh, hahh... W-What...?"
Astrid somehow gets back up while panting from the shock of being knocked off her golem.
But the golem isn't following any of her commands.
Astrid looks up noticing the gaze looking down on her.
Astrid "Khh...!"
It looks like the black ogre is smirking.
Astrid was prepared for death, but the black ogre starts walking to the left flank of the Holy Alliance.
She saw her pupils moving to protect the retreating soldiers without trying to push themselves by charging in.
While rubbing her chest, she hears a weasely voice call out to her.
??? "L-Long time no see, Astrid. Y-You seem well."
Astrid "Nicola...!? Why are you here..."
Astrid "So you drifted to the Service Nation?"
It is an unexpected reunion.
Nicola Noiva----he used to be a magician in the Kimia Magician's Guild.
He dabbled in forbidden arts and became obsessed with them. He was just a fool who could only misuse his talents.
The magic Nicola dabbled in was in the use of lovebrands----a forbidden brand that controls the minds of others.
Normal magic is done by chanting, but lovebrands are done by carving a brand into another's flesh.
Due to its nature, it can be used less promptly, but it is more effective than chanting.
The reason that this technique is banished is that brands can also be carved into the flesh of a human.
Nicola abused this forbidden technique. He stole away the mind of girls and used them as a tool for their own pleasure.
That's why Astrid chased him out of Kimia as the one to be the next Grandmaster.
Astrid "You seem to resent me. I didn't expect you to be rehabilitated, but to think you'd fall so low as to help a country like this."
Nicola "I-I've fallen? You're mistaken. I continued my research in the Service Nation. I-I've finally deepened my knowledge of lustbrands!"
Nicola shows a brand carved into his own body as he speaks in an insane voice.
He is certainly different from how he was in Kimia.
Astrid "Oh, you're right. I'll howl however you please!"
Astrid tries to capture Nicola with her golem.
But the golem hardly reacts at all.
Nicola "Hahahaha, idiot! Y-Your golem is now under my control!"
Astrid "Khh!? That's...!"
Astrid is stunned, but her reality isn't shaken. The golem continues to be silent in response to Astrid's order.
That is when Astrid notices that there is a huge brand carved into the ground surrounding them.
It seems that the enemy's strategy was to lure her here from the very beginning.
Astrid "Good... I'll recognize that you aren't the same person as when you were in Kimia!"
Astrid gives up on controlling her golem and switches to trying to use fire magic promptly.
But her chanting is cut off by Nicola's laughter.
Nicola "Hahahahahahaha! Y-You still don't get it! I-I'll show you the true nature of the brand!"
A dim light is emitted from both the brand carved into the ground and Nicola's body.
The light rises from the ground like a snake's head and envelops Astrid's golem.
Astrid "I-It can't be...!? You can do even that...!?"
Astrid can't believe her eyes.
It's not just the control that has been stolen from her. The golem she normally controlled is now being taken over by Nicola's brand.
Nicola "I-I did it! My golem!!!"
Astrid "Kyahhhh!?"
The golem's giant hand grabs Astrid and lifts her into the air.
#01_al010h_ast01
Astrid "I didn't think you would go this far. I seem to have underestimated you."
Astrid's limbs are partially melted into the torso of the golem.
It looks as though Astrid is being birthed from the golem's chest. No matter how hard she tries, she can't move her arms and legs at all.
Nicola "Hahahahaha... T-Thank you for the praise, Astrid."
Nicola smiles victoriously, looking up at Astrid.
Astrid's former golem stretches its hand toward her.
Astrid "Eh...?"
Astrid "Agh!? Ngh, khhhhh...!"
Its huge hand grabs at the clothes covering Astrid's chest and rips them off in a single movement.
Her voluptuous breasts are forcefully revealed.
Nicola "Hahahahahaha... D-Don't they look nice, huh, Astrid?"
Astrid "Yes, thank you. My breasts felt a little cramped, so this is better."
Her voice only slightly trembles from the embarrassment of having her skin revealed to this man she hates.
But she looks down at Nicola with a provocative smile on her face. Nicola's mouth once again distorts into a smile.
Nicola "I-It might feel better for your chest to be unveiled, but d-don't your concave nipples hurt? H-How about I pull them out?"
Astrid "Khhh...!? T-That isn't necessary..."
Her whole body tenses at the notion of her concave nipples getting played with. Her cheeks are flush with humiliation and rage. Her shoulders tremble, causing her huge tits to shake.
Astrid swallows her shame and responds sarcastically.
Astrid "So...? Your intention is to make me your partner from now on and that's why you've done this?"
Nicola "T-There's lots that I want to do, but I-I am a suitable partner, right?"
Her golem rises as though in response to Nicola's voice.
The sound of gears churning comes from the golem's crotch. Astrid glances that way.
Astrid "Khh!? What? Eh, huh...!? W-Why...!?"
A huge dildo comes out of the golem's crotch.
Astrid can't hide her surprise.
She doesn't remember equipping her golem with anything like that.
Nicola "Hahahahahaha, isn't it splendid? It's time to slam it into your cunt now."
With a twist of Nicola's fingers, the golem's huge dildo moves up and down.
There is no mistake that it is Nicola's interference that caused Astrid's golem to spawn such a horrific object.
Astrid "An unconfident person like you can only make yourself feel big by using something else."
Astrid "You certainly must have such a tiny and pathetic cock."
Nicola "W-Wh-What...!?"
Nicola's face gets red with anger.
Astrid chuckles to herself at pulling out the reaction she was going for.
Astrid isn't continuing to provoke him just to pick on him.
To maintain the effectiveness of magic, a suitable amount of concentration is necessary. If she can rile Nicola, she should be able to regain control of her stolen golem.
Astrid (I'll definitely escape from Nicola's grasp...!)
No matter what she is faced with now, she can find a hole and turn things around. Astrid resolves herself and takes a deep breath.
Nicola "G-Go, my golem! R-Rape that cocky, big-tittied bitch!"
Astrid "Ghh..."
The golem starts to move slowly. The horrific dildo moves up toward Astrid.
Astrid (It's heading to my...!)
Shlllllp! Mlchhhhhh!!")
Astrid "Nghhhhhh!! Gfffff, hahhh, ghhhh, ghhhh... kahhhhhhh!?"
Blchhh, blchhh, blchhh... shlllllp!!")
Astrid "Hahhh, ghhhh! Aghhhhh! Ghhhhhhhhh...!!"
Her pussy is absolutely dry, but the golem's giant phallus plunges into it even though it's about the same size as her own arm.
Her labia are forced open, and her hymen is torn off. The hard head of the dildo thrusts right up into her cervix.
Astrid "Khhh... hahhhh, ughhhhhhhhh...!"
She desperately endures the pain of her crotch tearing by gritting her teeth.
Blood oozes from her torn hymen. It drips down the golem's dildo.
Nicola "Hahh? Hahaha! You were a virgin!?"
Astrid "Hahh, hahhh... kffff, hahh!"
Nicola "Hhh, how dare you mock somebody for having a small dick!? It's because of your gross concave nipples that a man's never touched you before, right!?"
Astrid is trembling from the intense humiliation of having lost her virginity. Nicola throws further scorn at her as she does so.
But conversely, it just fans the flames of her fighting spirit.
Even as her throat twitches in pain, she twists her face into a smile.
Astrid "I... just remembered... You slept... with somebody other than me... and afterward... they spread the news of your tiny little dick..."
Astrid "I-I know you hate that... Ngh, uhhh... w-why don't you... just accept, ahh... that you have a tiny dick?"
Blood bubbles out from her skewered pussy.
But Astrid smiles at Nicola.
Nicola "L-L-Let me say...!!! Y-You're a golem!!!"
Nicola screams. His face is so red with anger he looks about to pass out.
The golem's hips pull back at Nicola's words.
Astrid (Have I riled him up too much...? Khhh... But...!)
Nicola is certainly furious. Despite that, she doesn't see a loss of control of the golem.
With his emotions as crazed as they've gotten, his magic should also be getting out of control, but as she thought, Nicola is not the same man that she had known before.
She tries to think of another tactic, but she isn't able to think clearly given what is currently going on.
Astrid "Ugh...!? Ghhh, kah, hahh, hahhh...!!"
Her hole has already been forced to expand so much, but the huge phallus pushes into her forcing it open even wider.
It is stretching out even the core of her body.
She feels a fear welling up at the strange sensation, and her breathing starts to get ragged.
Astrid "Hahh, hahh... uhhhh, hahhh, hahh, hahh... hahhh, hahhh...!"
Astrid "Aghhhhhhhhhh!!??"
Astrid's eyes open wide at the tremendous pain and she screams. It feels like she's being torn apart from the inside.
Astrid "Gah, hghh! Ghh... hhhh!? Hahhh, ghhh... ughhhh, hahhhh! Hahh, hahh... hahhh... gahhhhh!!"
Even just breathing sends a shock through her fingertips with each breath.
Astrid "Kffff, hnghhhhhhh, nghh, hahh, hahhhh...! Kahhh, hahh, hahhhh, hffff, nghh, kfffff..."
Sweat drips down from her body as her slightly open eyes look at her own abdomen.
Her blue eyes open wide suddenly. She writhes in intense pain once again.
Her lower abdomen should've been flat but it is bumpy and distorted.
The golem's huge dildo has a giant head about the size of a fist. Her cervix is forced open by it, stimulating the walls of her uterus.
Astrid "Kahhhhh... eh!? Nghhh, hhh... hhhhh!"
Nicola "H-How is it, Astrid? I-It feels great having even your uterus raped by your own golem, right?"
Astrid is spasming from the pain. Nicola looks up at her.
Astrid "Right... Y-Your... hahh, hahh, ahhh, if it were your tiny dick... hahhh, hahh, hahhh...!"
Astrid "If it were your tiny dick... i-it would never... reach this far...!"
Drool falls from Astrid's mouth as she does her best to force a smile.
On the other hand, Nicola maintains his smile without his continued excitement.
Nicola "R-Right? M-My cock i-isn't a joke!"
Nicola thrusts his hand toward Astrid and snaps his fingers.
A low groaning sound echoes out.
Astrid "What...? I'll try that!!??"
Astrid "Aghhhh!!! Kahhh, hahhh, hghhhh!!?? Ghhhhhhhhhh!!"
Astrid's whole body bends greatly. Her jaw opens wide to allow her to scream.
Blchhhhhhh! Bllllllrrrr!")
The sound of something spinning around inside Astrid echoes out, spraying blood from her deflowering all around.
The golem's dildo rotates at high speed.
Her freshly deflowered pussy is hit with the odd movement. Her womb envelops the huge head of the dildo.
Astrid "Hghhhh, ungh! Gffffff! Gaff... hahh, hah, hahhhhhh!!"
It is literally spinning the inside of her body from her pussy all the way to her womb. Her entire body spasms.
Huge beads of sweat are sent flying with each rotation.
Astrid "Gahhhh, ughhhh! Hghhhhh, uh, hahhh!? Hahhh, hah! Nghhhh! Hahhhhh!!"
Astrid (Ahhhhhh! This...! I have to... endure it!!!)
The huge dildo continues to rotate inside her pussy. The pain surpasses an endurable level.
Astrid gets mad at herself for crying in such a pathetic manner.
But Nicola's voice is heartless.
Nicola "Go, my golem!!"
Astrid "Gahhhhh!!?? Hahhh, nghhhhhhh! Hahhhh, aghhhhhhh!!"
Finally, Astrid shrieks at full volume.
The golem moves its hips as the dildo continues to rotate at high speed.
The phallus digs into her pussy. It yanks at her pussy and womb as it pulls out before slamming back up into her going so deep as to hit her stomach.
Shlllllllp, glkkkk! Gbfffffff!!")
Astrid "Gahhhh!? Agh, gffff, ughhhh! Ngh, hahh, gffff, hahh, hghhhhh!"
The burning spreads through her entire body all at once.
Taking the intense pounding, sweat flies off her voluptuous breasts as they bounce up and down.
Her nipples are normally concave, but they're now painfully erect on her sweat-covered breasts.
Noticing this, Nicola points at them and laughs.
Nicola "Hahahahaha! Y-Your weird concave nipples have finally gone normal! Y-You should thank me, Astrid!"
Astrid "Hghhhhh! Gfnghhh, nghhh, gmmmmffff! Mahhhhhhh!!"
She is incapable of responding to Nicola's mockery now. She especially cannot regain control of her golem.
Her pussy and womb are plowed through at an intense pace. Her whole body is filled with cold and numb pain.
The pain just burns hotter inside of her body. Her whole body feels strange not just her arms and legs.
Her mind even gets hazy.
Astrid "Gahhh, agpppffff, bffff! Eh, hbfff, hghhh... nghhhhh! I... I, hbffff, hghhh...!"
Tears start to drip down her eyes, and they grow larger and larger.
The intense pounding doesn't hesitate for a second. It sends her tears flying through the air.
Nicola "M-My golem! Y-Your former master seems to be at her limit! G-Give her the finishing blow!"
Astrid "Nghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Glchhhhhh! Shlllk! Shlllllllllk!")
A shockingly loud noise is made when the golem's dildo rapes Astrid's pussy. It thrusts into her hard enough to wreck her womb.
The speed of the dildo's rotation hastens. The heat from the friction causes her pussy to swell. The juices she has produced to protect herself are sent flying about.
Astrid is drowning in intense pain. She is brought pleasure from the overwhelming might of the dildo.
Astrid "Hghhhhh, unghhhh, gahhhhhhh! Agh, ahhhh, mmm, shkkkkkk!?"
Astrid "Hahhhhhh! My golem!? This can't be! Noooooo, no, noooooooooo!!"
She screams instinctually as she begins to lose consciousness.
It's like the golem is trying its best to cum.
Fear and pain run through Astrid. Her body writhes intensely as she tries to escape from the golem's thrusting.
Nicola "Haha, hahahaha! My golem! Shoot cum inside of Astrid quickly! W-Well, spray her with your special cum!"
Astrid "Nghhhhhhh!? Hahhh, ahhhh, aghhh, ahhhhhhh! Stop! Stop!! Stop!!!"
Glchnk! Dlchk! Chlnk! Blchnkkkk!")
The dildo stabbed deep into her womb continues to pound her, stroking the head of the dildo against her flesh.
Astrid "Hghhh, kahhhhhhh! Nah, aghhh, ahhhhhhh! Wait! Please! Ah, ahhhhhhh!"
Astrid frantically moves about her bound limbs and tries to run away.
But the golem's dildo swells larger with heat before finally bursting open.
Astrid "Nahhhhh! Ahhh, hgahhhhhhh!? Ahhhhhhhhhh!!"
Splllllrrrrrrt!! Gshhhhh! Gshhh! Gshhhhhh, gshhh! Gshhhhhhh!!")
The huge amount of cum is incomparable to a human. It fills up Astrid's womb in an instant before exploding back out of her pussy. The heat erupts out of her pussy.
The golem continues to bind Astrid's sweaty body tight. The dildo pulsates, pumping cum into her continuously.
Spllllllrrrrt!! Bshhhhhh!! Bshhhhhhhhh!! Gshhhhhhhhh!!")
Astrid "Muah, muah!! My belly is burning up!!"
Astrid's long red hair is disheveled. Her boobs swing about as she writhes while continuously screaming.
Astrid "Nghhhhhhhh! I can't endure it...!!!!"
Astrid's whole body spasms strongly as her back arches like a bow.
Her concave nipples are now intensely erect. Her breasts bounce and shake.
Astrid "Uh... ahhh... nghhh, hahhh... hahhh, hahhh, ngh, ahhh... kffff..."
The golem finishes cumming and pulls the dildo out of Astrid's pussy.
Sticky jizz spills noisily out of her pussy.
Astrid (Ngh, ah... Even though it's the golem's jizz... it's like a living thing... or a person...)
Astrid weeps softly.
The heat in her belly and the stickiness in her crotch don't allow the despair to settle down within her.
Astrid (I... was raped... by my golem... Uh, ahhh... I'm sorry...)
Was she apologizing to the golem for being forced to obey those orders or was she apologizing to Iris, the head of the Holy Alliance?")
Astrid loses consciousness without being certain of herself.
............
......
...
#01_al011
Astrid was captured by the enemy. Her rape has reached its limit...
Lucaon "Wooooooooooooooooooo!!"
Lucaon's howl echoes through the battlefield.
Wolves larger than cows rush across the battlefield while howling in response.
Mercenary "Hhh, hhhh!? Don't come... Gyahhhhh!?"
The wolf's huge mouth bites down on a body, tearing it apart.
Of course, the targets are not just the regular soldiers of the Holy Alliance.
Mel Mel's mercenaries whom she paid top dollar for are also torn apart by Lucaon's regiment.
Mel Mel "Ungh!! Everybody, do your best!!"
Mel Mel screams, grabbing her head.
The artillery unit is useless in a hand-to-hand combat situation.
Even on the right flank, women and children were forced to take up arms and fight on the front line.
Because of that the artillery was quickly made useless.
Their only option is to somehow push back their foes, but there is nothing they can do against this pack of wolves.
Mel Mel "If we could do something to those howling beastmen, something could happen...? Uhhh, but the artillery isn't prepared, so we're kind of in a bind... Ugh?"
Somehow managing to still hold out, Mel Mel notices movement out of the corner of her eye and turns to face it.
Astrid's golem which should be on the left side moves at high speed not fitting the size of its body.
Mel Mel "Eh? You're kidding me!? The right side's already beaten!? Man, you're good Astrid! Thanks a ton!"
Mel Mel waves both of her hands in joy and dances about.
However...
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!??"
The golem isn't attacking the wolves but charging into and pulverizing her allies.
Its huge fists tear through the sky, knocking back soldiers and mercenaries like dolls.
Mel Mel "Wait! Wait! Wait! W-What's happening!!??"
The golem continues to charge through Mel Mel's allies as she screams.
The army is easily cut through all the way to the artillery line in the back.
Mel Mel "Wahhhhhhhhhh!!??"
The golem sends the fleeing soldiers flying, slamming its fist into the artillery.
The ammunition explodes, shaking the ground.
Mel Mel "Noooooooo! Knock it out already!!!"
Of course, she doesn't say this as an actual request. Mel Mel can only watch as the golem crushes her artillery again.
Just how much damage has it caused? The halflings in charge of the artillery run back to Mel Mel. She is pale at the thought of how much money has been lost.
Halfling A "Lady Mel Mel! What in the world is happening!?"
Halfling B "Why is the magician's golem attacking us!?"
Mel Mel "You don't need to tell me that!!"
Mel Mel screams as she holds back her desire to cry.
The ongoing chaos is further spurred on.
Halfling A "Lady Mel Mel! Look over there!"
Mel Mel "Eh? Ahhhhhh!!??"
The mercenaries on the front lines have been completely defeated.
No, it seems that they've just started to retreat of their own accord.
Mel Mel "Hey!! I paid you a lot of money! What are you doing!? You have to fight!!"
Mercenary "Huh? You didn't pay us to fight no golem! You need to pay more if you expect us to fight that thing!"
Mel Mel "This isn't funny! You have to return the money if you're going to flee from the enemy and pay me a fee to do so!"
Mercenary "If you live and get home, send us the bill! We can use it to wipe our asses!"
Mel Mel "Idiots!!! Come back here!! Assholes!!!"
The mercenaries leave with those words.
Mel Mel showers them with curses, but they don't even look back.
Having finished destroying her artillery, the golem mercilessly charges at her.
It's not just that. Having trampled over the right flank of the army's front line, the wolves gather together and head toward her as well.
Halfling A "L-Lady Mel Mel!"
Mel Mel "Uh, ahhhhh! We've already lost so much! I'm going to bill those mercenaries and Astrid for this later no matter what!"
Halfling B "T-That can wait until later. Let's run away for now!"
Mel Mel "I know! Everybody retreat!!"
Mel Mel decides she must retreat without sacrificing the lives of her own soldiers.
Iris "Khhh... Derek Rondo, how could you...!?"
Iris has been forced into a defensive position by the enemy general's vicious attacks.
She thought Derek Rondo was some despicable brute who terrorized defenseless people and attacked peaceful cities.
Of course, those thoughts have not changed now. But Derek isn't just a despicable brute.
Soldier "Shit! Valzen's army has been defeated!"
Iris "Understood. Reinforcements should arrive from the right flank shortly."
In response to the soldier's urgent report, Iris tries her best to give her orders calmly.
But Iris herself feels quite anxious internally.
Derek Rondo doesn't stop. He can't be stopped.
While he is their general, he swings his large sword more than anybody. He mows down several soldiers in a single swing of his great sword.
He is savage and ferocious. Even amongst the fighters that Iris knows, he is clearly much stronger than all of them.
The Service Nation's army is now led by Derek. They thrust into the center of Iris's army like a spear.
Iris (Is the only option for me to take to the field of battle...? But...)
She is confident that she could stop Derek.
Even if her army is pushed, the Holy Kingdom's morale is high. If she took them on herself, she could definitely thwart Derek.
But she would not be able to give instructions to the other armies in that case.
The allied army is formed of many countries' armies both good and bad. Each country has their own motivation, and she doesn't think any of them want to take significant damage.
Iris has to somehow get them to all work together in the current situation.
She wonders what would happen if she got lured in by Derek...
She feels that it is possible that it is what Derek is aiming for.
King A "L-Lady Iris, the Service Nation's army is already nearly here!"
Iris "Understood. Pull back the main army."
Iris calmly responds to the heavier and older monarch.
But she isn't mistaken to pull back the main army.
Along with the main army, both flanks are also being pushed back by the force of their enemy.
Then, finally, she can stop Derek, by encircling his army with her developed left and right flanks.
That would be her best bet now.
Iris (The problem is the enemy is much more powerful than I imagined...)
Iris "Khh...!?"
Iris's shoulders tremble.
Her eyes meet Derek's. She feels as though he is mocking her.
Iris (He's so close...)
He is unbelievably close. Iris gives a wry smile.
A messenger comes to her from the left flank.
Left Flank Messenger "I-I have a message! Lady Astrid has been defeated by an enemy magician! Her golem was stolen by the enemy and is devastating the left flank...!"
Iris "What...!?"
She questions her ears upon hearing his report. She cannot help but make it known in her voice.
It goes without saying that other monarchs in the general quarters are feeling the same way as Iris.
Having lost color in their faces, there are even those among them that want to flee.
Iris "Kohaku? What has happened to Kohaku?"
Left Flank Messenger "T-That's... When I noticed, her unit was already gone. We don't know where she is...?"
Iris "No... that can't be...!"
The skilled assassin unit under Kohaku's control cannot have also fallen into the enemy's trap.
The other general's come to a completely different conclusion from Iris.
King B "What are you thinking!? Should we run away first?"
King C "They're truly beastmen...? Those vile bastards have no understanding of chivalry!"
Iris "Please stop. Lady Kohaku isn't that kind of person."
King B "Ah, no, umm..."
If she slightly strengthened her tone, they would avert their gazes from her. But if they return home, they will make their rulers look like fools.
But what she should be concerned about now is the whereabouts of Kohaku and Astrid. And about the left flank.
Iris (Can I restrengthen the left wing now...? No, that's certainly impossible. In that case...)
It is certainly out of the question for her to go.
But if they don't build back up the left wing, they can't surround Derek.
Iris moves her head around quickly. The most urgent problem now is stopping Derek's advance.
And then even worse news arrives.
Right Flank Messenger "I have a message! The enemy's assault has increased. Lady Astrid's golem is devastating the right flank!"
Iris "Khh... The right flank too!?"
The right flank's main force is the mercenary unit employed by Mel Mel, but it seems that they turned tail and ran.
Mel Mel seems to have ordered all of her subordinates to retreat, but most of the artillery has been lost.
King A "L-Lady Iris..."
Everybody in the strategy tent makes grim faces.
The one exception is the general of the Holy Kingdom's army----Iris.
But the support of the central army is uncertain.
Iris (We've... come this far...! I'm sorry, Sera...)
Iris apologizes deeply to Seraphina. If Seraphina were before her now, she might be brought to tears with regret and feelings of inadequacy.
But of course, now she doesn't want people to see her like that.
Iris "It's unfortunate, but this is as far as we go. We will retreat to prevent even further losses."
Iris gives the order to retreat. Her words are filled with regret.
Kohaku and her ninja look at the battlefield from a forest a little ways away.
Oribe "Milady... the Holy Alliance's army has begun to withdraw. Lady Iris's army is working to act as a shield to prevent chase from the Service Nation's army."
Kohaku "Hmm... Thank you..."
Kohaku sighs deeply and nods to her subordinate.
The clamor of the battlefield reaches even here.
Kohaku (Iris... I'm sorry...)
She apologizes to Iris internally.
But it is too late.
Kohaku "Everyone, we will return home..."
Ninjas "Roger!"
The ninjas know how Kohaku feels and nod to her order.
Kohaku turns one last time to the battlefield.
Kohaku (I won't ask for forgiveness... Iris...)
Kohaku mutters to herself before turning back around and walking off.
The ninjas disappear like mist, the forest returning to silence.
Luka "What shall we do, Commander? Are we going to chase after them?"
Luka asks questions to Derek as he stands on the hill where the Holy Alliance was based on.
Derek's eyes are affixed to the fleeing army of the Holy Alliance.
The war could be said to be a complete success for the Service Nation.
The Holy Alliance had a devastating defeat. They're already past the point of being able to return.
Derek "No, this is fine for now. It is better to save the fun and enjoy ourselves to the end."
Nodding to Derek's words, she heads off to tell his subordinates to prepare to retreat.
Luka "If you say so, Commander. Lucaon complained that the foxfolk weren't there."
Derek "Good grief... Her actions don't matter..."
Derek answers and moves toward the tower taking up the skyline in the distance.
Luka looks at it in the same way. She looks up at Derek to try to see if he's seen something.
Derek (So do you intend to show off your power?)
Derek smiles lightly.
His subordinates who attained victory this day gather in front of Derek.
Looking out at his army, Derek nods and raises his fist high into the air.
Derek "Even if I just call myself a big name like the Holy Alliance, they're nothing but rabble. They're no foe to the Service Nation! This war has ended in our victory!!"
Service Nation Soldiers  "Wooooooooooo!!!"
With Derek's declaration, the soldiers cheer, rumbling the ground. The air shakes with the huge battle cry.
It was a giant turnaround at the attack of the capital. Excited by their victory, the soldiers chant Derek's name.
The Holy Alliance's aim was to dissolve the Service Nation, but they were defeated before by the strategy Derek employed.
Ladomira "You've also done something stupid, huh? To think you'd make an enemy of me. Because of that, you've lost your place."
The war is over. Derek has come to report his victory and has dragged Eleonora along with him.
Of course, as a traitor to the state.
Her words are just pathetic, but it puts a sadistic smile on Ladomira's face. She is considering how to torment this girl.
On the other hand, Eleonora is oozing with fatigue, but she doesn't shrink away and continues to stare back up at Ladomira.
Eleonora "I... have no regrets over what I've done."
Ladomira "Oh? You don't say? Did you really enjoy getting gang banged by those soldiers and made into a spectacle that much?"
Eleonora bites her lip as Ladomira touches on what happened after she was caught by Derek.
The feeling of the soldiers raping her returns to her skin.
Eleonora shakes her head slightly to shake off the fear before once again looking at Ladomira.
Eleonora "I implore you, please stop behaving like the strong should devour the weak. This way of behaving will surely someday bring judgment upon you."
Ladomira "If we stop, would anything good happen?"
Eleonora "That's----"
Ladomira "I just want to live to be able to do whatever I want freely. My desire is only that. What's so bad about that?"
Eleonora "If that leads to tyrannizing others, I cannot say that it is okay."
Ladomira "Haha, in this country, that sort of thing is allowed, you know?"
Eleonora "That's why... That's why I----"
Even though their points of view are mutually exclusive, Eleonora desperately tries to convince her.
But her words are unexpectedly taken in.
Ladomira just smiles bewitchingly as usual.
But her eyes look like a lion happy to be looking down on a mouse.
Ladomira "I like the Service Nation. I won't deny anybody's desires. Of course, I won't allow anybody to deny my desires either."
Ladomira "I obtained various things based on my own desires. Men, wealth... and the role of empress thus the Service Nation itself."
Ladomira "But it's still not enough. There are still many things I want in the world. I want it all. Yes, I will obtain everything."
Ladomira "Even if I have to burn down several countries to that end, I will do so because that is my desire."
Eleonora "How could you..."
Derek "......"
Words accidentally slip from Eleonora's mouth even though she is covering them with her hand.
Next to them, Derek's expression remains unchanged. His eye's just narrow slightly.
Ladomira kindly smiles at Eleonora.
Ladomira "Your wish is to dissolve the Service Nation, right?"
Ladomira "Good. I'll affirm that desire. Because I'm the empress of the Service Nation."
Ladomira "However... remember that to push through your own desires you need a suitable amount of power. Like me, right?"
Eleonora "Khh...!"
The empress rules this country where all sorts of desires swirl about.
Eleonora does her best not to tremble under the eyes of the empress.
Ladomira continues to speak to Eleonora in a slightly unfortunate tone.
Ladomira "And Eleonora? Besides, you will never cover up the fact that you're a traitor no matter what you say, you know?"
Eleonora "I know..."
Eleonora suppresses her trembling voice and nods while staring at Ladomira.
Ladomira smiles and looks toward Derek.
Ladomira "Then, Derek, I leave this woman to you. You're free to do with her as you please because I no longer care."
Derek "Understood."
Eleonora feels a bottomless coldness in Derek's voice. It makes her body stiffen.
But Ladomira no longer has any interest in Eleonora.
Ladomira "Right, Derek, was my support helpful?"
Derek "If you're... talking about the foxes, nothing better."
Ladomira "Yes, I'm glad."
Ladomira smiles like a child that had just successfully pulled off a prank.
Ladomira speaks to Derek with the smile of a child lost in their own senseless cruelty.
Ladomira "I have a good flute that can make foxes dance. I'll tell you about it later."
Derek "Yes, thank you."
Derek quietly expresses his appreciation.
Eleonora feels great danger for her allies in that exchange.
Eleonora (How could this person... Ah, Goddess...!)
Eleonora prays for the sake of her allies rather than for her own luck.
That night...
Soldier A "Hyahahahah! Hey, what're you doing over in that corner! You should also drink more!"
Soldier B "Hic, hahh... N-No, I can't drink that... ughhh!"
Soldier C "Wahahahahaha! Ain't that a good drink!?"
The soldiers under Derek's command continue their uproarious celebration both inside and outside of their packed base.
An undrinkable amount of booze is brought to them, and the tables are overflowing with food.
It's not just booze. There are also tough women who have shown up to get some gold.
A soldier leaves the guardhouse with one of the flirtatious women.
Of course, there are a large number of women dispatched to the guardhouse beyond just prostitutes.
The war ended in victory. There are many captured female soldiers.
The soldiers are already using these pitiful prisoners of war as playthings here and there within the guardhouse.
There is a corner where many soldiers have gathered.
Soldier D "Hehehe, this milk is great."
Soldier A "I missed my chance to join in last time."
Astrid "Khh...!"
Eleonora "............"
Astrid and Eleonora are surrounded by the soldiers.
They're being looked at with vulgar eyes. Astrid's face show her strong malice and Eleonora's her wistful sadness.
Soldier E "Don't make that face. Let's have some fun. Or do you want to be forced like when you're golem raped you this afternoon? In that case, I'll grant your wish. Okay?"
Astrid "Khh... This...!"
Soldier F "We did a good job cleaning the cobwebs out of the bishop's cunt, right? Then, next, it's our turn to have some fun. Gyahahah!"
Eleonora "......"
The soldiers surrounding them are close enough to hit them with their alcohol-soaked breaths. They're not allowed to protest.
All of their crotches begin to swell.
Soldier G "Hehehe, your skin is smooth, huh? Your boobs are squishy too."
Soldier H "Ah, I want to enjoy her cunt too, but it's better to enjoy their boobs first, huh? Those two have such huge tits."
Eleonora "Uh..."
Astrid "Khhh..."
The two of them kneel as they're appraised and their flesh is molested by the different men.
#01_al012h_har01
Astrid "Ngh... What is this...? Khhh..."
Astrid grimaces at the stench and feel of the cock sandwiched between her tits.
The penis is rugged and hard. The heat from it is enough for her to naturally want to pull her body away. Adding on to that, the stickiness of the fluid wrapped all around it is just the worst.
The stench rising from her own bosom is enough to make her shed tears of regret.
Astrid "If you think you're going to be fooling around with a girl, cleaning your body beforehand... is polite, no?"
Anxiety runs through her just having such a filthy thing pressed between her breasts. Astrid glares at the man even as her hair stands on end.
Soldier A "Hahh? Are you stupid? Cleaning and pleasuring cocks is the job of you women. Don't get cocky now."
Astrid "It's not a joke... The one who is being cocky is you. You think that people can't fight against you..."
Astrid grinds her teeth in unendurable despair.
She wants to burn down these men right away with magic. But it is not just her who has been taken prisoner. Many soldiers from the Holy Alliance have also been captured.
If Astrid acts rashly here, they would also be hurt.
Eleonora "Lady Astrid..."
Next to her, Eleonora also has a cock thrust between her breasts. She quietly says Astrid's name to show moral support for her.
Eleonora glances at Astrid and gives her a small nod before turning back to the soldier fondling her.
Eleonora "Is this... ngh, okay...?"
Eleonora pushes her own breasts together, placing pressure on the cock between them.
Her voluptuous breasts squish softly against his cock, enveloping it. Even though Astrid is also a woman, she cannot help but watch Eleonora's nice breasts.
Soldier B "Oh, such huge tits aren't limited to just getting fucked. Good. Try squeezing my cock just like that."
Eleonora "Understood... Ngh, hahh... nghhh, khhh..."
Eleonora follows the soldier's orders and presses her breasts together on his cock, stimulating it.
She buries his cock between her big, soft breasts. His cock is visibly trembling in pleasure.
Soldier A "Oh, you're also zoning out watching them, aren't you? What are your huge tits good for?"
Astrid "Khh... I-I get it..."
Of course, that doesn't mean they're for doing something so stupid, and it's not like they got big because she wanted them to.
But Astrid coaxes herself by telling herself that there is nothing else she can do now. She looks at Eleonora out of the corner of her eye as she tries to emulate her movements.
Astrid (Err... Like... this?)
Astrid "Ngh... khhh, uhhh... nghhh... khhh..."
When she pushes her tits together, they become two soft mountains and completely engulf his cock.
She tries to shake her own breasts with her hands, but when she does so, she feels like an idiot. It's enough that she could cry from the wretched situation.
The worst part of all is the sensation of his cock.
His reddish-black cock rubs against her white breasts, and it feels like it is coating them. It sends an uncomfortable chill down her spine.
The soldier displays his dissatisfaction with her in a grandiose fashion even though she has gone as far as she has.
Soldier A "What're you doing? You're absolute garbage at this, huh? Are those huge tits just for show? A street whore could get a better titjob than you."
Astrid "I-In that case, you should go see one of them...!"
Soldier A "What was that, bitch? Ain't you being a cocky bitch for having concave nipples?"
Astrid "Nghhh... W-What does... Aghh, nghh... Release me from this pain...!"
Having finally responded, Astrid's nipples are pressed down on, crushed between the fingertips of the soldier.
The pain is like electricity, running from her nipples down to her hips as the soldier twists them more.
Soldier A "Do you still not get where you stand? You looked at what the bishop next to you is doing. I'm telling you to put your heart into pleasuring my cock."
Astrid "Aghhh...! Nghh, hhh, hahh..."
He takes his thumb and pointer finger and pulls out her still-concave nipples.
Astrid writhes in hot pain as if an iron is being pressed to her flesh.
Soldier A "Hey, look well at the bishop."
Astrid "Nghhh... khhh, i-it hurts... Nghhhh!"
She grimaces at the pain. Ordered by the soldier, she turns to Eleonora beside her.
Eleonora obediently follows the soldier's orders and pleasures him.
Soldier B "Oh, good. Yeah. Move your tits more and rub the head of my cock... Yeah, good."
Eleonora "Ngh, hahh... ngh, hahh... Like this, right...? Ngh, hahh, hahh... nghh..."
Sweat drips from her brow as she strokes his cock up and down with her large tits.
In concert with the movements of Eleonora's hands, her heavy tits sway and bounce. The motion is concentrated on the head of his cock.
Her white tits have turned faintly red, and it is clear that sweat is building on them.
Astrid (But... Eleonora also...)
Astrid can see that Eleonora also feels bitter about what is happening.
Eleonora understands that she is humiliating herself in such a fashion to protect the people important to her.
Astrid's chest starts to hurt seeing Eleonora like that.
Soldier A "Oh, do you understand? The right way to use those huge tits? If you do, use them while using that cheeky little mouth of yours."
Astrid "Hahh!? M-My mouth... Are you intending to tell me to lick that?"
Soldier A "Not just lick it. Suck it too."
Astrid "Ngh...! Hey, stop... Mgff!?"
He thrusts his own hips up, and his cock hits up at Astrid's face.
Having his cock rubbed against her lips, Astrid feels a desire to puke.
But she can't let her own pride take precedence. Her thoughts toward Eleonora's endurance of her shame next to her are altered.
Astrid (Right... I can do this much...)
Astrid "Hahh, ngh, hahh... lckkk, nghhh... ngh, hahh, hahh... ngh, lckk, lckkk..."
Just giving it a single lick wells up the desire to vomit in her. Her tongue stings, suddenly filling it with water.
Putting such a thing into her mouth is just as strange as she thought.
She desperately stops herself from speaking the words springing to mind. She stretches out her trembling tongue, licking his cock.
Astrid "Ngh... ngh, lck, lckkk... muah, ngh, lckkk... lckkk, lckkkk..."
She licks the swollen head of his cock with her tongue while desperately enduring the shame.
However, the soldier orders her mercilessly.
Soldier A "You're really no use. Do you think just licking with your tongue is enough? Aren't you giving me a titjob?"
Astrid "Uh, khhh... ghhhh..."
Astrid slowly squeezes her own tits as her eyes glimmer in rage.
She squeezes her tits together so hard that it hurts. The soldier's cock is completely enveloped in her two mounds.
But Astrid loosens her grip just a little to let the head of his cock peek out. She stretches her stiff tongue out at it.
Astrid "Ngh... lckk, muah, ngh... lckkk, lckkkk..."
Soldier A "Oh, good. If you try, you can do it, huh? Squeeze it like that with your boobs. Especially around the head... Yeah..."
Astrid "Kfff... ngh, sckkk, ngh, sckkk, sckkk, lckkk... lckkkkk, lckkk..."
His arrogant words annoy her more and more.
But Astrid does as she's told and flicks around the head of his cock with her tongue. The tip of her tongue licks his dickhole.
Enveloped in her breasts, his cock trembles and transparent fluids ooze out of the tip.
Astrid does as ordered and places her mouth on the tip of his cock, sucking down his juices.
Astrid "Muah, muah, sckkk... pah, khhh... hahhh, hahh... lckkk, lckkk, muah..."
She knits her brows at the bitter sensation of the transparent fluid.
She tries not to think about anything any longer and averts her eyes in disgust. Her tongue crawls mechanically over his cock.
Next to her, Eleonora also strokes a cock with her tits while licking the head of his cock too.
Eleonora "Hahhh, hahh, hahh... ngh, sckkk, lckkk, ngh... lckkk, lckkkk... lckkkk, lckkk, lckkkk..."
The smegma stuck to his cock dissolves in her sweat, making the dirty stench in the air get stronger.
Eleonora also goes to turn her face away, but she suppresses that movement, turning her head down to the cock below.
She pushes her tongue, wet with spit, against the head of his cock, gently wiping the filth from it.
The owner of the cock smiles and laughs at her kind caressing.
Soldier B "As I thought, a woman of the cloth knows well the heart of serving others. Or is it that you just simply like cock?"
Soldier A "You like cock, don't you? Soon after I forced you to lick my cock, you started to do so willingly. My cock is just that delicious, huh?"
Astrid "Are you stupid? Who would like licking something like this...!?"
Astrid stops moving unable to endure his words and glares at him.
But it isn't enough to frighten her. Even more than that, he just laughs, mocking her.
Soldier A "Do you still not get it? You are a girl of the Service Nation now. A girl of the Service Nation must sexually pleasure men!"
Soldier A "If a man asks for it, a girl must present her mouth or cunt or whatever!"
Astrid "Nghhhhh!"
Eleonora "Ahhhhh!"
It's not just Astrid, even Eleonora's ass takes a thrashing from the men behind them.
The two of them both arch their backs and howl due to the pain.
Imprints of their fingers remain in their asses. There is a burning ache in her asses.
Their asses are grabbed firmly from behind.
Astrid "Nghhh... W-What...!?"
Astrid "Nghhh, kfffffff! Ungh, nghhhh... hahhhh!"
Eleonora "Hahhhhhh! Hahhh, it's hot! Ngh, ghhh, kffffff...!"
Cocks are shoved into Astrid and Eleonora's pussy without even informing them.
Their dry pussies are rubbed with hard cocks. Hot pain runs straight through them.
Astrid points her chin up and shakes her head in displeasure.
Soldier C "Hehehehe, ain't you got a nice tight and cramped cunt!? Because you got raped by that golem, I thought it'd be all loose!"
Soldier D "This one's also nice. Even though she's got these nice fatty grips around her hips, her cunt tights like she's a little girl!"
Astrid "Hghhhhh, ughhhh, nghhhhhh...!"
Eleonora "Hahhhh...! Ungh, ughh, kfff, kfnghhhhh!"
The soldiers each give their opinion while thrusting and gyrating inside of their pussies for their own pleasure.
It's painful, but the fact that a man is thrusting a foreign object into her tears at Astrid's heart.
The feeling of the cock between her tits feels too distorted to belong to an actual person.
She can't believe that such a similar thing is being thrust into her body.
Moreover, the person doing so is a soldier for the country she should have beaten.
Not just as a woman but as a magician of Kimia, it damages her pride, and she cannot endure the agony.
Soldier C "Heheh, your cunt is tight. It's like it's sucking on my cock! Is my cock so delicious that your cunt can't help but suck on it!?"
Astrid "Kfffff, nghhhhhh...! Hahhh, ghhhh... Don't fucking kid me...! Who would enjoy that disgusting... Hahhhhh!?"
His cock pushes deep into her body.
It reaches places that she could not reach herself. She feels like she is going to cry from the rough rape she is currently enduring.
The sensation of the cock moving back and forth inside of her is just disgusting.
Astrid digs her nails in deep, trying to somehow endure her rape.
Astrid "This is... Nghhhh! Hahh, ahhh, this... won't be forgiven!"
Soldier C "It doesn't matter whether you forgive us or not! This is the Service Nation!"
Soldier D "That's right! Hey, bishop, shake your ass more!"
Astrid "Ahhhhhh! Aghhhh, nahhhhhh!"
Eleonora "Hahhhhh! Ungh, ungh, hahhhh!"
The two of them have their asses pounded again. They're raped so violently from behind that their bodies shake.
They just thrust their cocks into them however they please with no intention of bringing them pleasure.
But her body, to protect the walls of her pussy, secretes sweet honey, reducing the friction.
Wet, sticky, and gross sounds are made.
Soldier C "Heheheh, no matter what you say, you're enjoying it, aren't you? What a horny little magician!"
Astrid "Kahhh, agh, nghhh...! Don't say... something so stupid... How could this feel good...? Khhhhh! Hahhh, aghhhhh!"
When she thinks that his cock has been forcefully pulled from her, it is suddenly thrust back in as deep as it can go.
He rubs the entire length of her vagina. Of course, there is no pleasure, but she moans unable to deal with the heat.
Soldier A "Oh, what are you so happy about? Don't forget to pleasure my cock too!"
Astrid "Ngbf! Khhh, hahhhh... aghhhh, ngh, nghhh...! Understood... Muah, lckkk, muah... kahhh!"
The man with his cock between Astrid's boobs once again thrusts his hips as he urges her to pleasure his cock.
Astrid feels disgusted over having these cocks rub the inside of her pussy and between her cleavage. She once again starts pleasuring the cock between her chest wishing she could just do it herself rather than have him hump as well.
Astrid "Hahhh... kfff, ngh, sckkk, lckkk... augh, ah, ahhhh! Khhhh... muah, lckkkk..."
While having their pussies fucked from behind, they do their best to jerk off the cock between their breasts.
But the two of them work really hard to push their breasts together and like the cocks between them.
Eleonora "Ahhhh, khhh... kfffff! Hahh, hahhh, ngh... muah, sckkk, lckkkk..."
Soldier B "How's that, bishop? Serving my cock is much better than serving your goddess, right?"
Eleonora "Uh, ahhh, nghhh...! Hahhh, ughhhh... ahhh... I... I... Nghhhh..."
Soldier D "Why's your response so slow!? You're such a dirty bishop with your cunt that wet! Hey, does my cock feel good!?"
Eleonora "Hahhhh! Angh, nghhhhh!"
Eleonora cannot answer honestly comparing serving him to serving her goddess.
He will mercilessly beat her if she does.
Red handprints remain on Eleonora's ass. His cock thrusts into her at a pace so rapid that big ripples cascade along her ass.
Eleonora "Ughhhh, nghhhh! Anghhh, ungh, ngh, nghhh, kffffff!"
Soldier D "Hey, confess! Serving my cock with your huge tits while getting raped from behind is the best! Say it!"
Eleonora "Ahhhhhh! Hahhhhhh! Aghhhhhhhh!"
The man behind Eleonora slaps her ass continuously with as much force as he would use on cutting down a foe and thrusts his cock with enough force to tear right through her.
Eleonora twists her body in pain, and her back arches back powerfully without saying the words the man wants her to say.
Astrid suddenly opens her mouth when she sees the man click his tongue in frustration and pull his hand far back, readying it to be swung hard.
Astrid "It feels good...! Ahhhhhh, ngh, ahhh, your cock... feels good...! Ngh, muah, lckkk, lckkk..."
Astrid's so ashamed she's nearly in tears as she screams about her pleasure loudly. She sucks on the cock between her breasts to prove it.
The men and Eleonora both stop moving and stare at her.
Feeling their gaze, Astrid lowers her face and continues to wrap her tongue passionately around his cock.
Astrid "Hahhh, hahh, sckkk, ngh, lckkk... hahhh, hahhh, it's delicious... Your cock is delicious... Mmm, lckkk, lckkk..."
If you look at her face, she seems to be on the verge of tears. It is very clear she's lying.
But the men enjoy seeing her in such a state.
Soldier A "Hyahahah, I see! Is my cock that good!? Then, lick it more without holding back!"
Soldier C "Me too! Suck on my cock as much as you like with your cunt!"
Astrid "Nahhhh, ahhhh, kfff, nghhhhh...! Ngh, ahhh, it's delicious... Ahhh, your cock is delicious... Sckkkk, ngh, sckkk..."
Astrid speaks the words that the men want her to while panting from the violent plowing, trying not to cry.
His cock swells with heat inside of her body, and she trembles in fear.
Eleonora "Lady Astrid..."
She can hear the dumbfounded muttering of Eleonora.
After catching a glance of Eleonora, Astrid nods slightly.
No matter how frustrating it may be, even if it goes against her true feelings, she has no choice but to endure the shame with her eyes.
Eleonora also bites her lip and nods back at Astrid.
Eleonora "I also... think your c-cock is delicious...! Nahhh, ahhh, nghhh, sckkk, muah, sckkk..."
Eleonora "I-It's trembling between my boobs... Hahh, ahhhh, ahhhhh...!"
Eleonora licks the head of his cock as though coating it in her drool. Her huge breasts envelop tightly around his cock.
She moves her boobs up and down on his shaft, making sticky sounds.
Soldier D "Heheh, the bishop is also finally getting into it!? Then, your cunt must love my cock!"
Eleonora "Kahhhh, ahhhh! I like it! I love cock!"
Eleonora is bursting with irritation. She screams out humiliating words loudly.
The fact that these beautiful women have surrendered to her just excites the men further.
Soldier D "Oh, then, I'll let you savor more of that cock you love! I'm just so kind! You should thank me!"
Eleonora "Hahhhh! Hahhh, ahhh, hahhh, nahhh, hahhh! Thank you for your cock!"
Soldier A "You're forgetting to thank me too! Hey!"
Astrid "Nghhhh, kfffff! Hahhhh, nghhh, thank you... for my cock...!"
Her tears of shame finally start to run.
The men are increasingly stimulated by the desire to subjugate them at the sight of Astrid.
Soldier C "Hyahahah! Being able to be brought so much pleasure is quite good luck! I need to return the favor!"
Soldier B "Oh! Hey, I think they'd feel blessed to get some jizz! They love that!"
Astrid "Kfffff! Ahhhh, nahhhh! Ahh, wait! Jizz!? Ahhhh, aghhhhhh!"
Eleonora "At, ahhh, least shoot it outside... Nghhhh! Hahhh, anghhhh!"
Guessing at their intentions, both Astrid and Eleonora panic without being able to accept the situation directly.
However, the men raise their voices and laugh, pounding them at an even faster pace.
It's so intense that they feel like their pussies will burn from the huge movements. Their cocks are pounding them deep inside.
They rub the cocks between their breasts.
The cocks push between their flesh both inside and outside. The heat is swelling within their loins.
Astrid "Ahhhh, isn't that enough already? Please, ahhh, not inside!"
Soldier C "Shut up! Be thankful for the jizz from the cocks you love! Suck every last drop of it down!"
Soldier D "You too, bishop! I'll pound your uterus with cum, so be thankful!"
Astrid "Hahhhhhh! Ahhh, hahhhh! Ahhhh, idiot! Who would do that...!?"
Eleonora "Please! Ahhhhh! At least... do it outside!"
Unable to convince them of their hatred toward cum, they convey their inner distaste.
The soldiers' erections are so hot as they slam into the two girls.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhh!")
Astrid "Nooooooooo! It's so hot! No, I don't want this!"
Their cocks pulsate between her breasts, and hot cum splurts out at her.
Astrid twists her body to try to escape even a little from her first experience with a pulsating cock inside of her.
But her ass is grabbed, and she has nowhere to escape from the cocks plunged both between her breasts and inside her pussy.
Soldier D "Hey, bishop! I've still got a lot of cum left!"
Spllllllrrrrrrt! Gshhhhhhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Ahhhhhhhh! Inside of me again! Ahhhhh, hghhhhh, kahhhhhhhh!"
After slamming his dick all the way down to the base, his hips trembles, and cum pours into him.
Eleonora screams and cries as an unstoppable amount of cum fills her vagina.
Soldier C "Hey, bring your face closer! Hey!"
Astrid "Ahhhh!? Nghhh, hahhh, ahhhhhhh! Nahhhhhhhhh!"
Cum erupts from the cock between Astrid's breasts, slamming into her face.
Her skin burns from the heat emitted by the jizz, and she's enveloped in its stench. She just groans in agony.
Astrid "Hahh... ngh, hahh, hahh... ahhh..."
Eleonora "Ahhhh... hahh, hahhh... ngh, hahh... Lady Astrid..."
Astrid is also unable to hide her fatigue as she is pelted with cum.
She is coated in jizz as Eleonora speaks concernedly to her.
After looking at Eleonora, Astrid somehow forms a slight smile.
Astrid (Yes, right... this will end that...)
Her body is burning with shame. It is an effect of obeying the desire of the men.
Astrid mutters to herself.
Soldier E "Alright, then, give me a titjob next."
Soldier F "Then, I'll take the bishop's cunt! I'll fuck her while smacking her huge ass!"
Astrid "Eh...? It's still...?"
Soldier G "Hahh? Did you really think it was over? Don't say something so stupid. The night is still young!"
Soldier H "Right! We are all going to make love to you! You must be happy that there are so many cocks given how much you like them."
Astrid "Ah... uh, khhhh..."
There are clearly more than ten men jostling about in the room.
Astrid groans in despair at the thought that she has to satisfy them all.
............
......
...
#01_al013
Several days later...
Luka "The first step went well. Better than expected."
Luka expresses her thoughts a little emotionally.
In reality, the Holy Alliance's attack brought about results greater than Derek had hoped for.
The useless upper crust of the Service Nation's army has been wiped away. The entire army is now without a doubt under Derek's command.
He took an immoral strategy of using humans as shields, but he gained popularity from the people as a general for attaining victory by doing so.
Things have developed just as he thought.
Derek nods back to Luka.
Derek "The next battle will begin shortly. There's nothing poorly prepared, right?"
Luka "Yes, of course. It is all prepared."
Ladomira follows Derek's advice and intends to crush every country that participated in the Holy Alliance.
The one to lead the invading army is, of course, Derek.
But Derek has no intention of invading for Ladomira.
Derek's aim is to round up the beautiful women from every country through this conquest and to rebuild the Service Nation in his own image.
The current Service Nation used to bring about the whims of Ladomira is far from the state that Derek desires.
Luka "But I think there is no need to use such tactics given it's you, Commander..."
Derek "If all I had to do was kill that woman, I would have done it long ago."
Derek "The thing I desire isn't to kill Ladomira. I will subjugate that woman and be recognized by all as the emperor."
Derek unconsciously grabs the hilt of his sword.
Empress Ladomira rules the Service Nation. Her impressive seduction power cannot make Derek kneel. He can beat her.
But before that, he needs to see if he can make the Service Nation into his image and rule it as the emperor.
There are still many taken in by Ladomira's sweet charms. Even if he were to defeat her, he would face great resistance from her compatriots due to their own vested interests.
That is why he needs to subjugate Ladomira to bring everybody to silence through overwhelming power.
He spent his time gathering pawns and setting up various bits of groundwork to that end.
The terrorizing of farther away cities than other units was also to that end. His aim was to worsen the reputation of the Service Nation and cause other countries to think that they were a threat.
Everything has gone as planned. The Holy Alliance formed with the Holy Kingdom at the center.
The high elf, Seraphina Rentoit, lives in a temple within the Holy Kingdom. She is said to be able to cleanse the power of the Dark Ones. With her power, he should be able to disable Ladomira's power.
If that happens, it would be simple for anybody to subjugate her.
And Derek could take over the Service Nation.
Derek (Yes. I won't deny your desires. But next will be my turn.)
No matter the desire, it will be affirmed. That is the state of the Service Nation inside Derek's mind.
Derek "Well, now it is time. The power, money, and people we got from plundering will allow me to obtain everything in this next war."
Derek "Finally, it's about to begin in earnest."
Saying that, Derek smiles fearlessly.
In the midst of Derek's preparations for war, an unusual guest comes to the Service Nation.
The desert kingdom, Eldonia. They denied participation in the Holy Alliance.
It isn't an ambassador but the king himself. He has come to the Service Nation with a large entourage in tow.
King of Eldonia "Oh... I see... I heard the empress of the Service Nation was truly beautiful, but she's even more than I imagined."
The people in the audience room give a startled look at the fat man's words.
The praise that has been lavished upon Ladomira's beautiful body is too numerous to count, but this is the first time a man has done so as he looks down upon her.
As her retainers look to her face, Ladomira pays his words no mind and speaks to him rather amusedly.
Ladomira "I have also heard rumors of you. A stupid king who has brought his country on the decline because he's so obsessed with women. I wonder how true is that rumor?"
Ladomira speaks and the King of Eldonia looks to his attendants.
There are clearly more women in service to the king than there are officials necessary for diplomatic relations.
Amongst them though there is one that draws attention more than all the rest, a beautiful maiden with brown skin.
She is not just an ordinary maiden. She is a dark elf.
She can excite men with just a look. Her majesty can be felt even in trivial gestures like combing her hair over her ear.
A veil makes it so her mouth is not very visible, but her downcast gaze conveys great sadness like a wife that has lost her husband. It can tickle the heart of a man more than anything.
In contrast to the sinister charms of Ladomira, there is a transient beauty to her like a lily illuminated in the moonlight.
The influential people and their guards in the Service Nation have grown accustomed to seeing beautiful women. But even they steal glances at the beautiful maiden, concerning Ladomira.
The King of Eldonia is rather pleased with the words of Ladomira and the reactions of those around them.
King of Eldonia "The one who is foolish is the one that says I'm obsessed with women. No, perhaps it is better to say that it is resentment from those that are resentful of being unable to be touched by Mistiora."
The influential people of the Service Nation are disgusted with the King of Eldonia's triumphant laughs, but Ladomira smiles, bemused.
Ladomira "So? May I ask why you have come with that beautiful maiden you're so proud of?"
Ladomira "If you have come to present that dark elf, of course, I will accept her, you know?"
King of Eldonia "Don't say something so stupid. Even if you gathered up all of the girls in this country, do you think I could trade you Mistiora?"
The King of Eldonia shows his disgust at Ladomira's light mockery.
The guards of the Service Nation are getting excited by the heightening tensions. But Ladomira lightly raises her hand to calm them down.
Ladomira "In the end, what have you come here to do?"
King of Eldonia "Hmm, I want to form an alliance."
Ladomira "An alliance...?"
Ladomira smiles meaningfully.
Certainly, the Service Nation intends to demolish the countries of the Holy Alliance.
If they can accomplish their plans, they can influence even the countries that weren't a part of the alliance.
To avoid that influence, Eldonia has come to the Service Nation first.
Ladomira "But I cannot think of any value to allying myself with you."
King of Eldonia "That is because your vision is clouded."
The King of Eldonia speaks with an insolent attitude.
The retainers of the Service Nation once again fall silent, but Ladomira and Derek grasp the intention of the King of Eldonia's words.
It is not just the Service Nation that could decide to be allied with the King of Eldonia. He could also choose to join up with the Holy Alliance even now.
Eldonia is one of the great powers on the plains. If they allied with the Holy Alliance, it would bring considerable trouble.
Ladomira "Hmmm...? Do you mean that you have an eye for a woman?"
Ladomira looks like she has a plan.
Derek goes over to speak with her. He has a single doubt in his mind.
Ladomira's charms act unconsciously upon all around her. Ordinary men get sexually excited just being near her. She can easily make them her prisoner with just a gaze.
Despite that, the King of Eldonia has shown no change in his demeanor at all.
Derek believes from looking at the king that it has to do with the dark elf named Mistiora. Derek's memories are stimulated by Mistiora's sad face.
Derek (I see... That woman is...)
At the same time, he realizes the doubt he had over the King of Eldonia at that moment.
He smiles and goes to speak before Ladomira can.
Derek "My liege, there is logic in what this man says. Would it not be best to hear him out for now?"
The Service Nation's retainers show their agreement with Derek's words in a relatively calm manner.
Ladomira suddenly speaks disinterestedly as a result.
Ladomira "Hmm...? Well, fine. Do as you please."
Ladomira says just that and orders manwhores to bring some booze.
King of Eldonia "Oh, it seems that there are those capable of listening in this country as well. I ought to praise you."
Finally, now that the negotiations have begun, the King of Eldonia speaks in a good mood.
Negotiations towards the formation of an alliance begin. The King of Eldonia and the retainers in the Service Nation hash out the details of their alliance.
There is no mistake in the information that he is infatuated with women, but it seems it doesn't go far enough to make him an idiot.
Derek (But as soon as you had that woman, your defeat was already decided.)
While listening to the conversation progress in the manner the king wants, Derek adds one more thing to his plans of conquest.
After the King of Eldonia leaves, Derek returns to the guardhouse.
Luka "However, are you really happy to have formed an alliance with Eldonia...?"
Something seems to have grabbed Luka's attention about the future plans that Derek has explained.
But Derek just snorts at Luka's worries.
Derek "He said that he would keep the Holy Kingdom under control while we're out on our conquest. Isn't that good enough?"
And conversely, Derek sees that he only has any value up until he goes to fight the Holy Kingdom himself.
Derek "Luka, push that man so that he can provide the most amount of work for me that he can."
Luka "What should I do?"
Derek "Mistiora... Bring the King of Eldonia's beloved dark elf to me."
Luka "Eh? Is that a good idea?"
Luka questions Derek's order because it would immediately break the alliance.
Derek "There is no issue. If I use that dark elf, I can move Eldonia according to my whims."
Derek "She is the legendary whore. That alone has value."
Luka "The legendary whore?"
Derek "Yes, have you never heard of her?"
The beauty of the castle, the legendary whore, the ghost maiden, and the black whore are all names held by that dark elf.
It is said that conflicts have occurred many times over that maiden. And sometimes it leads to the destruction of entire nations.
The reason is that the ruler of the country falls for her. They lose interest in everything other than her to the point that they discard all of their duties.
The country steadily slides further and further in that time. The Kingdom of Eldonia is now exactly like that.
It gets like that because that dark elf makes men into her prisoner.
Derek thought that it was just a rumor, but seeing the interaction between the King of Eldonia and Ladomira, he realized it is more than just a legend.
The king is already under the curse of the legendary whore. That is why Ladomira's power had no effect on him.
Derek remembers Mistiora. It brings back a memory of when he first saw her face.
It's ten years earlier. Before Derek worked for the Service Nation. When he was working as a mercenary.
Derek participated in one of the wars brought about by the legendary whore.
Derek fights so ferociously that he got past the front row before anybody else could enter the enemy's capital.
Derek saw a fancy carriage running out from the palace when the battle for the capital entered its final moments.
He remembers the lace decorating the carriage shook, and he got a glance at the visage of the noble inside.
The beautiful woman that caused the fall of that kingdom was Mistiora.
Luka "Commander, are you interested in the legendary whore?"
Derek "Dark elves have high value, so a legendary one would have even more. If I could make her a whore for the Service Nation, I could further the name of the Service Nation."
Derek "I need more cashflows to bring about my desires."
Luka "I see."
Derek "If you make it look like the Holy Alliance did it to Eldonia for teaming up with the Service Nation, we can kill two birds with one stone."
Luka "Understood. Then, I will take steps quickly."
Luka smiles as the conclusion is reached.
Luka is in charge of the scouts. Using her skills, she can redirect the King of Eldonia's anger to the Holy Alliance instead of the real cause.
The King of Eldonia is under Mistiora's curse. He will dance just how they want him to without a doubt.
Derek's smile deepens over his unexpected find.
#01_al014
And several days later...
Ladomira "So... I'll leave it to you, Derek."
Derek "Yes, I will bring back good news."
Derek used to be in the back, but now he kneels before Ladomira at the very front.
After Derek defeated the Holy Alliance, he became the overall general for the invading army.
The conquering army was put together according to the terms negotiated with the King of Eldonia to trample over the countries that participated in the Holy Alliance.
Ladomira "Let these little girls know what happens to those who oppose me. Trample over their land, their people, and everything precious to them."
Ladomira "Hahahahaha... What will their screams sound like? I want to hear them myself."
Derek "If you wish, my liege, I can bring them before you."
Ladomira "Yes, that would be good. I would definitely like you to do that, Derek."
Derek "As you wish."
Derek briefly communicates his acknowledgment.
In reality, Derek has always intended to capture all of the girls of the Holy Alliance.
The Service Nation can never have enough good women.
Moreover, the maidens that represent each country...
...if they're put to work as whores, they will create quite a lot of business for the Service Nation.
Derek (Right... This is my Service Nation...)
Derek feels a trembling in his chest and rebukes himself for it.
Certainly, his desire to control the Service Nation is now enclosing on its fruition.
Derek (But I still can't be careless. I need to keep my head if I'm going to actually get rid of this woman...)
This conquest is nothing but further groundwork.
Derek's true goal is neither revenge nor abducting more women.
Derek (The ancient high elf...)
According to legend, she is in the temple of the Holy Kingdom.
If he can get her power, he will be able to seal Ladomira's powers.
Derek (Wait... When this conquest ends, I will drag you out of here.)
Derek mutters to himself as he licks his lips.
Of course, he doesn't actually say those words, the only thing that comes out of his mouth is something completely unrelated.
Derek "Then, my liege, I will make the power of the Service Nation known to all and show what happens to those that oppose us."
Ladomira "Yes, go forth, Derek. I'll be waiting for good news."
Derek "Leave it to me."
Without any opposition, the invasion by the conquering army led by Derek is determined.
That night...
Derek "You've worked hard for me, but this is where everything really starts."
In the guardhouse, Derek's elites are gathered.
Derek looks at each person individually as he speaks.
Derek "Once the army is fully put together, we will head out. Of course, I will be in charge."
Soldiers "Wooooooooooo!!!"
The soldiers cheer at Derek's words.
If it is war, aggression is preferable to defense.
They can burn villages, rape women, and steal treasure. That is a true war.
And there are many misfits who hold grudges against their homes amongst his knights.
Their bodies are excited by the joys of plunder and revenge.
Derek smiles ferociously at his soldiers like a best bearing his fangs.
Derek "Well, you're prepared, right? This war is for our nation. It won't be like the previous instances of destroying villages. We will be crushing countries."
Soldiers "Wooooooooo!!!"
Derek "Kill to your heart's content! Rape to your heart's content! No matter how many you want!"
Soldiers "Wooooooooo!!!"
The guardhouse trembles from the excited battle cries coming from the soldiers.
They're waiting for the war to start momentarily.
Now that Derek is in charge of the entire army, he can use his excellent skills as a leader.
He has replenished the ranks of the other regiments that lost men when they were invaded, and they're prepared to march again in a short while.
They commence their invasion of the allied countries in hardly any time.
This battle is acknowledged as a holy war by the church. The morale of the soldiers and people of the Service Nation is high as the lands of the allied nations are trampled over.
On the other hand, due to the crushing defeat of their invasion, the allied nation's morale lowers dramatically.
They still haven't regained the strength of their armies, but now it is time for the Service Nation to launch their counterattack.
#02_in001
Iris "............"
While backing the Service Nation into a corner, Iris was forced to retreat due to their painful counterattack.
Even now, she has great regrets about this. She thinks negatively about herself for retreating.
Of course, the one responsible for their defeat is her as she was in charge.
However, Iris isn't strongly denounced. Everybody is criticizing the immorality of the Service Nation.
But for Iris, all she can think about is blaming herself.
Iris "Hahh... It went bad."
She sighs and grumbles in the empty hall.
She knows her own thoughts are trending in a negative direction. She wants to discuss it with somebody, but even if they're older, all of the knights are her subordinates, so she can't talk to them.
Her gaze naturally turns to the image of the Goddess.
More precisely, to the door hidden inside of it.
Iris "......"
The cold air and pale blue light envelop Iris.
But it's not at all unpleasant. Rather it's like a tightness in her heart.
The underground holy temple is said to be the center of the Holy Kingdom.
Only a handful of humans have ever been allowed to enter there. The place where the ancient high elf, Seraphina, lives.
The clear air and pure water fill the space. The holy space is filled with the brightest air in this world.
The ruler of this holy space walks to Iris.
Iris "Sera..."
Seraphina "Has something happened?"
Just looking at Seraphina makes her feel like her thoughts are going to spill out. She wants to shrink away at her kind voice.
Seraphina Rentoit.
The ancient high elf has lived since the time of the gods. She isn't granted the ability to leave this underground temple filled with pure brightness.
Iris felt her heart tremble when she realized that she could aid Seraphina.
Seraphina demonstrating her power means that the world is facing danger, and it is not welcome at all.
But Iris is proud to be able to fight alongside Seraphina.
Iris "I'm sorry... I... I..."
Unable to look at Seraphina, she repeats her words while looking at the floor.
She couldn't reach the great danger to the world, Ladomira.
She couldn't live up to Seraphina's wishes.
She squeezes her fist but can't stop her shoulders from trembling.
Seraphina "There is nothing for you to apologize over, Iris."
Iris "But... But I..."
Seraphina "If somebody is to apologize, it is me. If only my power could reach that land..."
Iris "Sera, there is absolutely no need for you to apologize...!"
When she raises her face, a faint smile comes to the melancholic Seraphina.
Seraphina "Finally, you have seen me."
Iris "Ah, uh..."
Iris's cheeks heat up with embarrassment. However, it's strange to look down now, so she looks back up to Seraphina.
Seraphina "I, and you too... have caused great difficulties to many people without being able to do anything about it."
Seraphina "But we can't give up here. Don't you agree?"
Iris "Uh... yes..."
Gently, a hand is placed on Iris's cheek, wiping away the tears from the corner of her eye.
Feeling the soft and warm sensation of Seraphina's palm, Iris's heart gradually begins to calm down.
Iris relaxes her stiff lips and returns a smile to Seraphina as Seraphina looks back at her.
At this moment, Seraphina doesn't look like a high elf who has lived for a long time.
Iris "Sera, you haven't changed."
Seraphina "What do you mean?"
Iris "Since we first met, you've been the same."
Seraphina "Well, of course, I am an elf."
Seraphina raises her hand to her chest and smiles.
That isn't want Iris meant... but Iris smile back at Seraphina.
Iris (But she really hasn't changed... When we first met, I was only as tall as her waist...)
In terms of height, they're almost the same now.
As women, Iris likes to think of herself as still in the process of developing.
Iris (Although she is a mature woman, there is still an innocent side to her...)
This temple is the resting place of the high elves. It is strictly off-limits.
Iris was taught this from a young age, but children are always curious about what is forbidden.
One day, she snuck into this place without being seen by the adults.
That is when she met Seraphina.
Iris (At that time, I was honestly surprised that she really existed...)
At that time, Iris was stunned by her beauty and stood there thinking she might be dreaming.
However, Seraphina treated the young trespasser kindly, not showing any anger or contempt. She treated her like an official visitor.
Since then, Iris has visited Seraphina many times, and gradually, they became genuine official visits.
Through these visits, she has come to know the person that Seraphina is.
She's gentle and kind, but also strong-willed, and Iris has always admired her for being the way she is.
Seraphina knew that she could not leave the temple, and there were times when Iris would throw a tantrum because she wanted to be with Seraphina more.
Seraphina always admonished Iris for her selfishness in a gentle manner.
For Iris, Seraphina was someone to be respected as an elder sister and a mentor.
And the first time she turned to Iris for help was...
Iris (The Service Nation...)
She recalls the names of the country that they must defeat. The one that they failed to.
But she doesn't feel the same unease as when she first arrived here.
It's true that she lost the battle.
But as Seraphina said, it's not over yet.
Iris "Sera..."
Seraphina "Yes?"
Iris takes Seraphina's hand and looks into her blue eyes.
Iris "I'll definitely win next time. So..."
Seraphina "Yes... I will also do what needs to be done."
Seraphina also looks into Iris's eyes and squeezes her hand back.
Iris also tightens her grip slightly before letting go.
But her warmth still lingers on Seraphina's hand.
Seraphina gently stroked her own hand after it has been held by Iris.
Seraphina "Iris... I'm grateful to you."
Iris "That's my line. I can never thank you enough, Seraphina."
Seraphina "Is that so...?"
Seraphina tilts her head slightly as if trying to remember if she had done something.
Iris smiled mischievously.
Iris "For example, like the time we first met and you didn't hand me over to the adults."
Seraphina "Well... haha..."
Seraphina smiles like Iris.
Seeing her smile, Iris's heart swells with emotion.
She once had to look up to Seraphina.
But now their eyes meet at the same height.
Even as she aged, Seraphina always maintains the same youthful appearance.
As a mortal, Iris can't fully comprehend Seraphina's feelings. She has lived for eternity.
That's why Iris is so determined.
Iris "I will win next time and save this world from the brink of destruction just like you wished, Seraphina."
Seraphina "Yes... I believe in you will, Iris."
Seraphina nods with a smile and claps her hands together in prayer.
Iris nods back, her resolve strengthened.
However, at that moment, she didn't know what was to come.
That the armies of the Service Nation were already preparing for an expedition of their own.
And that they would soon attempt to invade and conquer the Holy Alliance.
#02_in002
The Service Nation dispatches its largest conquering army.
This bad news spreads throughout every country in an instant.
Of course, defensive preparations are in a hurry in every nation, but they're all lacking in soldiers to stand up against the Service Nation.
Many of the countries that allied with the Holy Alliance are also small nations that couldn't stand against the Service Nation on their own.
The army of the Service Nation attacks with such devastating speed that it simply crushes these tiny nations before the allied armies can reform.
And so, at last, the foxfolk nation that stands as a cornerstone of the Holy Alliance----the Principality of Fuksvald----is attacked.
Messenger "Lord! The Service Nation's army has breached our borders...!"
Kohaku "They've finally come..."
Kohaku listens quietly to the emergency message.
After leaving the Holy Alliance, they monitored the movements of the Service Nation.
They knew first of all that the Service Nation was moving to reform their armies.
But it was not possible to make effective use of that information.
The difference in strength between their army and the Service Nation is devastatingly clear.
They were the ones that betrayed the Holy Alliance in the first place. Even now, Kohaku doesn't know how she would speak to other countries.
Retainer A "What vile...! What do we do, milady!?"
Kohaku "There is no point in asking..."
Kohaku shakes her head and keeps her mouth shut at her subordinate's inability to hide their anger.
Everybody here holds intense rage at the Service Nation.
It is natural. Kohaku... and the foxfolk are aware that they committed the sin of betrayal for Kohaku's younger brother Meno and gave an advantage to the Service Nation.
Despite that, they're being attacked by the Service Nation now.
Moreover, they didn't return Meno.
Kohaku (From the moment the Holy Alliance crumbled, was I finished...?)
Kohaku laughs mockingly at herself in her head.
But she doesn't have the time to regret and chastise herself.
Kohaku "Everybody, I'm sorry. It is all my fault. My love for my little brother clouded my eyes..."
Retainer B "What are you saying? Were we not the ones that said we'd do it for Master Meno!?"
Kohaku "I thank you all for your kindness, of course. But... But at that time we should have attacked the Service Nation with Lady Iris..."
The final battle was when they attacked the Service Nation.
Kohaku pulled her army away at that time... under the orders of the Service Nation... of Ladomira.
Kohaku obeyed the order while telling herself that alone wouldn't lead to the Holy Alliance's defeat.
But the results of that need not be said now.
The retainers present gaze at Kohaku with pained faces.
Kohaku quietly closes her eyes and takes a breath.
There is a firm resolve in her eyes when she opens them back up a short while later.
Kohaku "I made a mistake in judgment. I will not make the same mistake again...!"
Kohaku "The forces of the Service Army will all be killed in this forest! I will pay them back for breaking their vow!"
Kohaku stretches her back, speaking highly of herself.
Kohaku "Everybody, move out!!!"
Retainers "Yes!!!"
Kohaku and her foxfolk decide to take a final stand against the Service Nation.
They are at an overwhelming disadvantage in terms of numbers.
But they... Kohaku still has a chance of winning.
This land is a vast and thick forest. Before the vastness of the forest, such a large army is hindered in the amount of force they can bring about.
The foxfolk more than anybody understands the forest well. If they have the land advantage, they can definitely eradicate the army of the Service Nation.
Her retainers suppress their boiling blood as they each make preparations for the battle.
Kohaku gazes at them while apologizing internally to her missing brother.
Kohaku (Forgive me, Meno...)
Soldier A "Gyahhhhhh!!?"
Soldier B "Hhh, hahhhh! Gyah!?"
The soldiers' screams and death cries ring through the forest thick with fog.
Messenger "I have a report! There are enemy traps all over! Moreover, the fog is thick. Because of how bad the roads are, we can't continue to march like this!"
Derek "So? What's the damage?"
Messenger "Khh! T-The first three regiments have been completely wiped out..."
The messenger gulps in fear as he gives his report under Derek's cold gaze.
The situation is absolutely wretched, but Derek is completely indifferent. He sees the regiments that have died as nothing but pawns. They may as well be slaves.
Looking around, the situation seems wretched, but his pawns are performing their roles well. Their role of wasting the energy of their foe...
Derek "Shall we put out the bait soon?"
Lucaon "Yes... they seem to be shockingly bloodthirsty. But I think it would be better to be careful and watch how things go a little while longer."
Derek "Understood. Hey, send in the next batch."
Messenger "Roger!"
Another bunch of soldiers are marched deep into the trap-lined forest under Derek's order.
Shortly later...
Soldier C "Gyah! Ugh!"
Soldier D "Hhh!? Gah...!!"
The forest is once again filled with screams.
The foxfolk soldiers... the ninjas... continue to cause more damage without being heard let alone seen.
However, Derek still just smiles.
Soldier E "Gyahhhhh!!"
Once again screams echo through the forest.
Lucaon is standing next to Derek. When he thinks that his ears are moving, he literally bares his teeth as he smiles.
Lucaon "Master, it seems everything is prepared."
The foxfolk are wasting their precious traps and ambushers on these meaningless soldiers only being used for that end.
Even though they have yet to show themselves, now they have begun to chase soldiers far out from their posts.
The ninjas can clearly only see their emotional desire to kill the Service Nation. They're no longer completely hiding themselves from their foes.
As though mocking them, under Lucaon's command, his soldiers concealed themselves and lured the foxfolk into a trap.
Derek "Look sharp."
Lucaon "Of course. I'm going to get a nice fox as a souvenir!"
Lucaon smiles in a particularly brutal fashion. Several large shadows pounce into the fog together at incredible speed.
Ninja A "Kyah...!?"
Ninja B "What!? Agh...!?"
The ninjas that chased after the Service Nation's soldiers are attacked suddenly by a large shadow.
The leader intervened just as they are pulled down dangerously.
But the large shadow dodges the sword slash.
Wolf "Grrrrr...!"
Oribe "They aren't ordinary wolves...!"
Ninja A "Lady Oribe..."
The large shadow is a wolf. There isn't just one. More and more wolves appear, surrounding Oribe.
Oribe and the other ninjas protect one another as they wait for a good time to leap to the top of the trees.
But they shouldn't have hesitated.
Oribe "Khh...!?"
Somebody approaches while deliberately making loud noises as they snap through the dead branches.
From within the fog, the leader of the wolven soldiers appears before Oribe and the other ninjas. The ninjas all have their swords at the ready.
Lucaon "Keheheh... How does it feel to be the ones being hunted? Well, little foxes?"
Oribe "You... wolfmen!!"
Oribe glares at her foes sharply.
Wolfmen and foxfolk have long been in conflict.
From the point of view of the foxfolk, the wolfmen are nothing but brutes.
Oribe "So you are aiding the Service Nation..."
Lucaon "We're a little different. I obey my master."
Oribe "Master...?"
Oribe slightly knits his brows at his words.
Wolfmen have a violent temper. It should be impossible for them to be subordinate to anybody.
The thought of who could be the man the wolfman calls master... sends a chill down Oribe's spine.
Lucaon "For now, how about you act as bait for luring out your leader, Kohaku!?"
Lucaon "Awooooooooooooooo!!"
Oribe "Khh!?"
Suddenly, the wolfman raises his chin and howls.
Ninja A "Eh...?"
Wolf "Grr... grrrrr!!"
Ninja B "Kyah!!?"
Oribe "Khh!? You----!!"
Completely caught off guard, they're blown away by wolves that must have been hiding in the bushes.
Lucaon "Kahahahah, where are you looking? Your foe is me! Woooooo!"
Oribe "Gah...!?"
When they think about the shaking in the bushes, the surrounding wolves come toward them. The black shadows attack the other ninjas.
At the same time, Oribe is once again hit with a high-speed blow and sent flying.
#02_in003h_mob02
Ninja A "No, nooooooo...!!"
Ninja B "Kyahhhh!?"
Giant wolves bigger than a bear knocks over the ninjas.
They tear off their ninja garb and immediately thrust their huge cocks into their pussies.
Ninja A "Ghhhhhh!? Kah... hah!?"
Shlllllk, mlchhhh, blchhhhhhh!")
Ninja B "Nghhhhh! It hurts, aghhhhhhhh!!"
Their pussies are forced open, and blood stains their penetrated crotches red.
The ninjas scream out in extreme pain. The sounds of their screams pelt Oribe's ears.
Oribe "Stop... This is vile!"
Lucaon "Keheh, what a good face. I get all excited when you make that face!"
Oribe "Nghhh...! You trash! Let go!"
She twists under Lucaon's body, trying to use her free arm to counterattack.
But the powerful wolfman's flesh doesn't move at all to her punches or scratches.
Lucaon "There's no way that a fox girl can beat a wolf, you know?"
Oribe "Ghhhhh...!"
Lucaon savors the sensation of subjugating her. He pushes further down on Oribe.
She grits her teeth in pain as her bones grind against one another.
But as Oribe doesn't give up on trying to find an opening, her ears pick up the screams of her subordinates.
Ninja A "Haghhhh! Nghhh, aghhhh! Ahhhhh! It's so intense!"
Ninja B "Hahhhh, I hate it! Let go! Not with a wolf!"
The wolf's movements are wild and cannot compare to a human's. Their cocks flaunt an unusual thickness as well.
With each aggressive pounding, the trained ninjas scream in absolute agony.
Ninja A "No, aghhh! N-Not something so vile... Ahhhh, I hate this!"
Ninja B "Ahhhh, I can't endure it! This is the first time...! Lady Oribe, help me!"
Oribe "Y-You two...!"
Having overcome many ordeals together, her subordinates' cheeks are wet with tears as they beg for help.
Lucaon smiles as he looks down at Oribe. Her eyebrows are scrunched in deep pain.
Ninja B "Nooooo! Lady Oribe...!! I... I...!"
Oribe (Khh... I'm sorry, but you just need to endure it for a while! Somebody will certainly come and save us...!)
Oribe apologizes internally and stares up at Lucaon.
Oribe "Good...! If you want to rape me, I hope you do."
Lucaon "Keheheh, you don't like feigning endurance, huh?"
Oribe (Hmph... I hope you feel pride in your victory for now...!)
Lucaon smiles lustfully. Oribe feels this is a good opportunity.
Certainly, she can't beat Lucaon's hard body with her bare hands.
But she affirms her resolve to make herself a victim because she knows that when she is shown an opening that will be her chance for victory.
Lucaon "Well... as you wish, I shall skewer you!"
Oribe (Khhh... That size... Will I really be able... to take something like this...?)
Oribe unconsciously gulps at the size of his cock and the knowledge that it is the same as the cocks of the huge wolves raping her ninjas.
Even without him directly touching her crotch, she can feel the heat coming off of him.
She feels a chill come over her body in response to that heat.
Oribe (I-I'm okay...! I will definitely kill this man and save those two and get back to milady...!)
Blchhhhh! Blchhh, mlchhhh!")
Oribe "Khh!? Nghhhhhh! Hahh, hahhh!? Hghhh, ughhhhhhhhhhh...!!"
His cock is much hotter and harder than she could ever thick an organ could be. It penetrates, tearing right through her crotch.
The unimaginable pain makes her bend her body back hard. She tries to run away for dear life.
But Lucaon laughs cruelly and applies even more weight upon her.
Oribe "Ghhhh, nghhh! Ohhhhhh!?"
Lucaon "Ohhh, unbelievable! You're certainly a ninja. Your cunt is nice and firm, huh?"
The instant she is plowed deeply, the intense pain pierces right to her head, and her vision goes white.
The feeling of the cock inside her pussy is much larger than it was when she saw it with her eyes. It feels as though it is filling her entire body.
Sweat drips down her whole body due to the great pain. It's enough to make her struggle to breathe.
Oribe (W-What's this...!? His... his cock... is, ah, ahhhh!)
Oribe "Kah...!? Hah, hahh, hhh, hffff!"
Just by lightly twisting his hips, he hits her with enough force to make her feel like it is pushing on her stomach.
Even now, it feels like his cock could thrust up all the way into her throat as though he is literally skewering her. The sensation makes her tail spasm.
Lucaon "Hey, what's the matter? Is my cock too incredible? Are you unable to think of anything?"
Oribe "Ghhh, hahh... nghhh, hahh... D-Don't look down... on me, ngh, nghhh...!"
She scolds herself for panting in pain and burns with hatred for Lucaon.
Her foe now believes he has achieved victory. He should think that there is no way for her to fight back at this point.
In that case, believing now is a good moment, Oribe reaches for a fine pin in her hair.
Lucaon "Keheh, there's nothing you can do now!"
Oribe "Ngh! Hahhhhhhh!?"
However, Lucaon thrusts his cock even deeper before Oribe can grab the pin.
The numbing sensation rushes through her whole body from her womb, and her hand just grabs at the air.
Lucaon "I heard that ninjas are born sluts... Kehehe, it seems that the rumors are true. You're taking my whole cock in your cunt. Do you like it that much?"
Oribe "Shut up...! It's just so big...! Anybody, ngh, uhhh... would be like this...!!"
Lucaon "Hahaha! How long are you going to go on like that? Shall I give you quite the show!?"
Oribe "Anghhhh, hahh, nghhhh!"
Lucaon smiles while moving his hips in a circular motion, mixing around inside of Oribe.
The hot pain from having the walls of her pussy poked and prodded rushes through her nether region all the way to the tips of her lips.
Oribe grits her teeth trying to force out the sensation.
The walls of her pussy cling to the entire length of his cock.
Lucaon "Oh, is this what ninja cunts are like...!? It's worth it...!"
Oribe "Anghhhhh! Nghhh, khhh! Aughhhh... hahhh! Hahhh... hnghhhhh!"
Lucaon continues to move his hips in a circular motion as he pounds her even harder.
His huge movements tear through her entire vagina. The swollen head of his cock digs into her cervix.
Oribe "Nghhhhh! Nahhhh, ah, so deep inside... It's reaching so deep...!"
Lucaon "Hahahahahah, you're a virgin, but you feel it in your womb? Yeah, though as much from a fox!"
Oribe "Anghhhhhhh...! Hahhh, ahhh, hnghhhhhhh...!!"
He suddenly pulls his cock back, releasing her from the pressure. In the next moment, an exhilarating feeling wells up inside of her as she thinks about his hips sinking back into her.
A heavy blow slams into her womb again without even a moment for her to question herself for thinking that way.
Oribe "Aghhhhh! Ahhh, this is... nghhhhhh! Hahhh, aghhhhhhh!"
She should hate him for the pain of having her virginity stolen. His intense pounding shakes her body and mind with humiliation.
She is thinking about how she needs to find a moment to take revenge even now.
But she does her best to not be taken away by the intense pounding to her cunt.
Oribe (Is fucking a man really this intense...!? Or, ahhh, is this a special trait of the wolfmen...!?)
His manly and bestial scent comes off of the sweat covering his rippling muscles.
The inside of her body burns hotter with each thrust, and she feels her feminine instincts calling her to.
Without intending to, her pussy contracts, biting into his raging erection.
The increased friction causes the pain to turn to heat, and the heat to turn to pleasure. It's like her whole body is being burned up from the inside.
Oribe "Nghhhh! Hahh, hhh!? Hahh, ah, ahhh, it's hot, hhhh!"
Lucaon "Hahahah, you're getting to be honest! Scream more just like that!"
Oribe "Nghhh, d-don't fucking mock me! Who would do as you... hahhh!? Ahhh, hahhh, hnghhhhhh!"
His pounding slows to imprint the shape of her cock upon her pussy.
His cock pulls back, yanking on her walls, and she is dropped into the sensation of her vagina pulling back out.
When his erect cock once again plunges balls deep into her, it is not just pain that envelops her body but also pleasure.
Oribe (N-No...! This heat is driving me mad...! I can't... take it!?)
Ninja A "Hahhh, yah!? Augh, uhhhhhhh! Hnghhh, nghhhhhhhhhh!"
The ninjas' desperate screams enter Oribe's ears which are desperately standing on end.
The huge wolves hump even faster, raping the ninjas.
Oribe opens her eyes wide at the intense movement that seems to be seeking something.
Ninja A "Ahhhh, ah, ah!? No, my insides... Uhhhh, ughhhhhh!? Hyahhh, no, noooo! Ohhhhhh...!!"
Ninja B "Hhhhh, no, stop! No, nooooooo, don't cum! Anghhh, hghhh, khhhhhhhhhhh!"
The rhythm increases in speed. They're without a doubt heading toward orgasm.
The two ninjas try to somehow escape from under the wolves. They're struggling, but they're just pushed closer and closer to their limits by the thrusting of the wolves' raging erections.
Ninja A "Anghhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Ninja B "Nghhh! Hhh! Hnghhhhhhh!?"
The two of them scream, and their backs bend.
The two giant wolves tremble all over at the same time.
Splllllrrrrrt! Gshhhhh, bshhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!!")
Ninja A "Hahhh, aghhh, aghhhhhhhhhhhhh!? It's... hoooooooooot!!"
Ninja B "Ohhhh, ohhhhhhhhh! My belly----! My belly is tearing... Hahhhhhhhh!!"
The wolves' cocks unleash a torrent of cum with enough force to cause the ninjas' bellies to swell.
The ninjas wail as their wombs are showered in the wolves' cum.
Ninja B "Hhhh, hyah, ahhhh, d-don't cum anymore! Hahh, hhhh! Anghhhhhhhh!!"
Ninja A "I-Impossible! I can't take it any longer! Forgive me already!"
Their two bodies spasm in climax.
Oribe's eyes open wide at the wretched spectacle unveiling before her. All she can do is stare.
Lucaon pulls her back to reality with his huge dong.
Lucaon "Hahahahah! You were waiting, huh? I'll make you experience the same fate shortly!"
Oribe "Gahhhhh!? Hahh, haghhh, kahhh, ah... anghhhh, anghhh, nghhhhhhh!"
Lucaon moves faster all of a sudden.
He audibly slaps her ass, pounding her so hard that it shakes her brain and leaves her unable to keep herself from moaning.
Oribe "Hanghhhh, hahh! Aughhhhh! Unghhh, nghh! Nghh, nghhhh!"
The head of his cock slams into her womb, and his thick pole rubs against the walls of her pussy so much so that she feels they're going to burn.
The heat welling up in her pussy spreads from her whole body to her fingertips.
Oribe (I-I have to endure! He should ejaculate soon...! I-I can use that moment!)
Lucaon "It's written on your face, you know? Will you bite my throat the instant that I orgasm? Will that go well for you...!?"
Oribe "Ahhhh, ah, gnghhhh! Uhhh, khhh, hahhh, nghhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhh, ahhhh, hahhhhhhhhhh...!"
Lucaon's pounding gets even faster.
The hard head of his cock is hard as a rock. It slams into her womb over and over again.
She can't stop herself from moaning. Her body shakes and she emits a feminine musk as she is thrust into.
Her whole body has gotten unendurably hot. She can tell that his cock is emitting an even greater heat inside of her hot body.
Oribe "Anghhhhhhhhhh! No! No, ahhhhh, ahhhhhhhhh!"
Lucaon "Hey! Guys, knock these bitches up!"
Lucaon howls in climax as he slams into Oribe's body.
Oribe grabs the pin in her hair used for assassination now. She commands herself to drive it into Lucaon's neck. However...
Oribe "Ahhh, ahhhhh!? Hahhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Spllllrrrt, gshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!")
Oribe "Ughhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!"
The burning torrent thrashes through her.
The heat of the cum and the power of the force makes Oribe's lips tremble. His whole body stretches out, and his limbs spasm.
She desperately clings to her fading consciousness.
Lucaon "Khhhh, it's nice and tight! Khhh, you're squeezing hard on me!"
Oribe (Nahhhh, even though it's a good chance...! N-No, next... the base of his cock is pulsating... He's going to cum...!)
Oribe desperately tells herself that as she feels cum moving inside her womb.
She prepares herself for the next moment, but...
Spllllrrrrt! Gshhhh, bshhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!")
Oribe "Kahhhhh!? Aghhh, gah, hahhh!? Ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Her mind goes white at the intense pulsating of his cock and the force of his cum.
Their fox ears bounce, and the hair on their tails stands completely on end.
Lucaon presses down on Oribe. His cock once again presses against her cervix.
Oribe "Uhhh, ahhh! No, noooooo!?"
Splllllrrrrt!! Gshhhhhhh!")
Oribe "Nghhhhhhhhh!?"
From the head of his cock as it sits pressed into her cervix, a huge amount of cum pours directly into her.
Oribe screams as her vision flickers in and out.
Lucaon "Hahahahahah! It's still too soon to be satisfied!"
Oribe "Nghhhhh!? Hhhh, hey, wait...!?"
His powerful clock penetrates her sensitive pussy even further.
His cock swells around the base.
It's like a plug. The knot forces her pussy even wider.
Oribe "Aghhhhh!? Ah, ahhhhh, what...!? Is something... swelling inside of me... A kn-knot...!?"
Lucaon "Don't you know? A wolfman's cock knots so that it can't come out when they cum! We don't want to waste a drop of this cum now, do we?"
Oribe "I-It can't be pulled out... W-What!?"
Lucaon "I still need to impregnate you! Look, they've been coming this whole time."
Oribe "Khh!?"
Ninja A "Khh, hhh... hyahhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhh!! My belly is full, though!!"
Ninja B "Ah... uh, ahhh...! No, no, noooo! It's coming again!!"
The ninjas once again arch their backs and scream climactically.
That is Oribe's future.
The wolves continue to cum while raping the ninjas who have been completely robbed of their ability to protest.
Oribe "No... Ngh!? Hghhh!?"
Lucaon's knot swells even more.
Her pussy is spread even wider, and her body creaks louder.
Oribe "It hurts! I-It's tearing!? Ahhh, hghhhhh!?"
The knot has grown brutally large. His cock pushes apart the walls of her pussy after her orgasm finishes.
She feels pain that she has never felt before now. All of her hair stands on her head from the pleasure attacking her at the same time.
Oribe "What!? Nahhhhhhhh! Ahhh, aghhhhhhhh!"
Oribe "Ah! It's knotting inside of me...!!"
The pleasure runs through her nervous system without stopping.
Oribe doesn't understand whether it is pain or pleasure any longer.
As her pussy is plowed, she raises her chin and screams, drool dripping down her face.
Lucaon "Hahahah, aren't you making a good face! Hey, here is your prize!"
Oribe "Hnghhhhh! Nghhh, hhhh!?"
Lucaon smiles, and because of the knot, he can't pound her, but he moves his hips back and forth widely.
The knot stretches out the entrance to her pussy, and the huge head of his cock pushes into her cervix.
Oribe "Ahhhhh, I-I can't take it any longer! If you shot... any more than this inside of me----!"
Lucaon "Hahahahahah, you don't need to hold back! You can enjoy it all!!"
Oribe "Nghhhhhh!? Unghhhh! Nghhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
The head of his cock pushes hard into her cervix.
Oribe's whole body spasms powerfully. In that instant, the head of his cock unleashes a powerful torrent of cum.
Spllllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!!")
Oribe "Hahhhhhh!? Ahhhhhh! Hahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Oribe "Nooooooo!! Noooooooooooo! I----! Nghhhhhhhhhh!!!"
The cum filling her uterus and his knotted, pulsating cock push Oribe to climax.
Oribe can only scream at the sensation welling up all over her body.
Spllllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhh!!")
Oribe "Ahhhh, it's coming! Uhhh, it's coming... Something is coming!!"
Oribe arches her upper body, and her breasts bounce as she makes an obscene face, orgasming over and over again.
Her pussy is sealed shut by his knot as a huge amount of cum pours into her.
She feels her uterus swell as cum pours into her.
Oribe "Hahhh, ghhhhhhh, my belly... and my uterus is full... Hahh! It hurts...!"
Lucaon "Keheh... then, shall we come to the finale!?"
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!!")
Oribe "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!?"
An especially huge load of cum is shot into her womb.
Her eyes open wide from the tremendous pleasure. Her tongue trembles as she howls out thunderous moans.
Oribe "Ah... augh, aughhhhhh..."
A frightening amount of cum fills her womb to the point that her nether regions swell.
The exit is completely sealed by the knot in his cock.
In her skewered state, Oribe just spasms over and over.
Oribe "Apff... uh... t-the inside of my belly... ahhhh, is on fire... Hhh, hhh... hhhhh..."
Lucaon "Keheh, will you give birth to an energetic girl? If you do, she can get raped beside you every day!"
Oribe "You... You bastard... Ahhh..."
Oribe (Milady... I'm sorry...)
Lucaon "Keheheh! Hahahah!!"
She hears Lucaon's braggadocious laughter as her mind slips into deep darkness.
............
......
...
#02_in004
The sounds of soldiers roaring in rage, fleeing citizens screaming in terror, and buildings being destroyed reach even the main palace.
It means the war has finally reached its apex.
Kohaku "............"
The foxfolk effectively used their land advantage and fought the huge army of the Service Nation. At first, things were progressing to the benefit of the foxfolk.
But the situation was suddenly flipped.
Kohaku's right hand, Oribe, was crushed and exposed by the enemy.
The pathetic sight of one of the best fighters in their nation resulted in cries of anger and panic.
After that, it became a battle of numbers.
Retainer A "Milady, the enemy has reached the palace... Quickly, you must..."
Kohaku "Hmm..."
Kohaku silently nods her head to the undeniable fact.
Sobs spread through the hall from those that are there.
Kohaku "Have all of the children safely escaped the city?"
Retainer B "Hah...! Khh... uhhhh..."
Kohaku responds while trying not to cry, but there is one thought in her heart.
She wants to at least secure the future of the foxfolk.
Kohaku "Everyone, you battled hard... I thank you for it."
The sobs get louder at Kohaku's words.
Kohaku smiles gently.
Kohaku "Everyone, I still have work to do... I think you all are exhausted, but give me the time to let the children escape far away."
Retainers "Yes!!!"
There is no hesitation in her order to march to their deaths.
They look up at Kohaku with bright faces.
Retainer A "Then... we will be off!"
Kohaku "Hmm..."
She smiles and sees her soldiers off alone as they head toward battle.
Kohaku is alone in the hall.
Kohaku "............"
The sound of battle steadily gets louder.
She smells the scent of fire. Somebody must have lit a fire in the palace.
But Kohaku remains alone in the hall.
Kohaku's ears move.
A loud sound of the door getting kicked in comes shortly after.
A large number of soldiers come in, their armor clanging.
The room is seized.
Kohaku "Khh...!"
The noisy soldiers grow silent, and the sound of a single set of footsteps approaches Kohaku.
The hairs on Kohaku's neck stand on end at the tremendous confidence in their footsteps over having conquered her nation.
Kohaku (What is this feeling... Could he be human?)
Kohaku inadvertently gulps, and her body trembles.
She takes a deep breath, focusing strength in her abdomen.
Kohaku "No matter who my foe... I will not die alone...!"
Resolved, Kohaku sets her eyes on the entrance to the hall.
Kohaku unconsciously backs away from the large man clad in black that appears. She feels an oppressive amount of force coming off of him.
Derek Rondo.
He is the general of the conquering army that previously destroyed the Holy Alliance when they attacked the Service Nation's capital.
Derek recognizes Kohaku and smiles.
Kohaku "Khh...!"
Derek "You're Kohaku, right? Are you going to surrender quietly or struggle painfully? I'll let you choose."
Kohaku "You dare mock me...! Do you think I will be defeated that easily...!?"
She cautiously adjusts her center of gravity and measures the gap between them.
Derek keeps holding his sword over his shoulder. The smile doesn't disappear from his face.
But she can't see an opening to swing at him.
Derek "I wanted to capture you without harming you if possible. Let me change the question a little."
Derek "Do you want to see my subordinates gang rape those brats you intended to let get away? Or do you want to try taking their place?"
Kohaku "What...!?"
Kohaku's heart jumps at his unexpected words.
She wants to laugh him off as absurd, but her lips tremble. Her mouth is completely dry due to anxiety.
Kohaku (He's captured the children...? I can't believe it...!)
She is shocked that they're all just going to die.
Her pitiful scream nearly turns to tears. She strongly bites her lips to cause herself pain.
Derek smiles as though asking her what she's doing.
Kohaku (No... why is this bargaining shaking my resolve so!?)
She chastises her sorrowful heart, and blood runs to her cold hands and feet.
She doesn't know if Derek's words are true or not.
Even if he really caught those girls, and even if she really surrendered, there's no guarantee that Derek will keep his promise.
The Service Nation is currently trying to destroy her home.
Kohaku (If that is the case, there is only one thing I should do...!)
She's been prepared to fight since the beginning.
Kohaku once again resolves herself to kill Derek no matter what.
Tak, tak, tak...
The light footsteps of a running child can clearly be heard.
Meno "Sister!!"
Kohaku "What!? M-Meno!?"
Her beloved younger brother whom she had hoped would return to her for so long flies into the hall.
Meno leaps forcefully into Kohaku's arms.
Kohaku is confused for an instant, but she hugs Meno's body.
Meno "Sister... Sister! I wanted to see you!"
Kohaku "M-Meno... I-I also wanted to see you so much...!"
Kohaku squeezes Meno hard as though to never let him go again.
Meno hugs her back just as hard, his hand wrapped around her torso.
Cruel laughter echoes out over their warm embrace.
Derek "Good grief... so lackadaisical before your hated foe."
Kohaku "Khh...!?"
As though splashed with ice-cold water, Kohaku comes right back to her senses.
She moves Meno behind her and goes to confront Derek.
Meno still hasn't grasped the situation and looks up at Kohaku in surprise.
Derek "So, what will you do? Do you want to show your brother something good?"
Kohaku (Right... What in the world is their aim?)
Meno should have been captured by Empress Ladomira of the Service Nation, but for some reason, he has been returned to her now.
She is unable to read her enemy's intention. Doubt swells inside Kohaku. Meno pulls on her sleeve lightly.
Meno "Sister, General Derek isn't a bad man, you know? He is protecting everybody from our home..."
Kohaku "What...? What are you saying... Meno?"
Her voice trembles at the unexpected words.
Meno smiles innocently and speaks to Kohaku.
Meno "Everybody that got lost outside in the forest, General Derek's subordinates found them and are protecting them."
Meno "It's sad that a war has started, but... But it isn't because General Derek is a bad man. Right, Sister?"
Kohaku "What...?"
She can't breathe because of the shock. She loses her sense of balance and feels like she is going to collapse.
It feels like her legs are withering, and she desperately tries to support her body. She predicts the unexpected again.
Kohaku "Meno... you... brought the army of the Service Nation to the children of this village..."
Meno "Yes. I tried my hardest to find everybody and lead the army to them!"
Kohaku "Ahhh..."
Her brother looks like he's asking for praise. Kohaku finally lets out a mournful groan toward him.
Meno doesn't know what he has really done. Rather he believes from the bottom of his heart that he did something good.
It is more terrible than her heart breaking.
Kohaku (Can a mind... be changed like this...?)
Meno "Sister...?"
Kohaku's shoulders tremble, and Meno looks up at her worried.
Her kind eyes haven't changed, but they're filled with sadness.
Regardless of what he thinks, Meno has greatly betrayed his home.
More than anything, she wonders if he can even be happy with his heart so steeped in the colors of a place like the Service Nation.
Kohaku (In that case, with these hands...!)
Kohaku looks back at Meno forcefully, placing her hand on his slender neck.
Her brother doesn't realize anything and just looks up at her with a smile.
Kohaku "Ghhh, khhhh, khhh, khhhhhh...!!"
She should send him to hell without giving him time to even feel pain.
Even if she understands that in her head, she releases her hand from Meno's neck and hugs him tightly.
Kohaku (I'm sorry, everyone...)
Meno "Sister...?"
Meno looks worriedly up at Kohaku as she apologizes to the villagers in her heart.
Kohaku once again tightly embraces Meno and slowly turns her face up to Derek.
Kohaku "I surrender..."
Derek "You know what those words mean, yes?"
Kohaku "Of course..."
Kohaku nods slightly at Derek's bestial smile.
Her resolution is slightly different than sending Meno to hell.
Kohaku thinks that if she doesn't put herself in the same hell Meno has already fallen into, she won't be able to save his soul.
In the end, she can't abandon Meno.
Derek smiles bestially before her prey.
Derek "Good. Then, shall you show us your resolve quickly? Meno, you can help too."
Meno "Eh? Ah, y-yes."
Kohaku "Khh..."
Meno is surprised, but he quickly responds energetically.
Kohaku anticipated something like this, so she doesn't raise a stink.
She hugs her beloved brother tightly.
#02_in005h_koh01
Kohaku "Augh... ngh, khhhhh..."
Forced onto all fours, her ass is thrust upward. Her long tail is grabbed tightly like it's a leash.
The sensation while unexpected isn't painful but just numb. It runs through her body.
Kohaku "Ugh...! Uhhh, Meno..."
Meno "Augh... uh, Sister..."
Meno kneels before her eyes.
His crotch is made bare, and his cock stands quite tall for his young age.
She averts her gaze, but her hair rubs against Meno's crotch.
Kohaku (Ah, Meno... you...)
Meno is clearly excited by the unusual situation.
Kohaku feels Ladomira's influence on her brother's reaction and bites her lip in regret.
Her hair is pulled, dragging her face up.
Derek "Look well. This is your brother's arousal at his own sister."
Kohaku "Ugh...! I-I...!"
Meno "Ah... Sister..."
Her face is pushed into Meno's crotch.
Her cheeks are rubbed against the head of Meno's cock which is still covered in his foreskin. She lets out a cry.
Kohaku "You can do as you like with me! But our fight has nothing to do with Meno! Why are you humiliating him as well!?"
Derek "You still don't know your place."
Kohaku "Haghhh...!? Nghhh, nghhh, ghhh...!"
Derek's hand grips even harder onto her tail. He pulls on it so hard she feels like it'll be torn off. Her legs tremble from the pain.
But when she glares up at Derek, he just smiles cruelly.
Derek "If you want, I don't mind if you switch places, you know? Would you like to try watching your little brother getting raped by my subordinates that like fucking men?"
Kohaku "What...!? T-That is vile...!"
Derek "Understood. You want to watch your little brother getting raped."
Kohaku "Khhhhhhhhh...!!"
Kohaku grits her teeth hard at Derek's mocking smile.
But she has difficulty imagining Derek literally doing as he says.
Kohaku "Meno..."
Her voice trembles even though she tries to suppress it.
Even if she tries not to look, the sight of his erect cock fills her vision.
Meno "I-I'm sorry, Sister..."
Kohaku "Don't worry. You aren't doing anything wrong. So... you don't need to apologize."
She somehow smiles at Meno's mournful nature.
She reaches her hand out to wipe away his tears.
Kohaku "Hahhh!? Nghhh, hahhhh...!"
Suddenly, a strong bit of pleasure runs up her spine.
Earlier, her tail was just being tugged violently. Now, she is also being gently caressed and the base of her tail is being stroked with odd strength.
Kohaku "W-Where are you touching... Kmfffff! Mmm, uh! Nghhhh..."
Derek rubs her tail up and down. Just that causes her breathing to get ragged, and her hips feel like they're going to lose their strength.
Meno "S-Sister... Are you okay...?"
Kohaku "Hahh, ngh... ngh, hhh... O-Of course, it's not important... Hahhh..."
She somehow forces out an answer to Meno's tearful question, but her hips start to feel hot and numb.
The caressing of a foxfolk's ears and tail is a sign of love.
Despite that, her hated enemy is stroking her tail, and her nethers ache from the sweet sensation.
Derek "Hahahaha, what's the matter? Are you shaking your ass to seduce me?"
Kohaku "D-Don't say something so stupid! I... hnghhh!?"
Derek "What's that?"
Kohaku "Mmm, hahh, ngh! Nghhhhh!"
When she thinks that the base of her cock is being stroked, he lovingly caresses the tip of her tail while strongly gripping it.
Her spine is melting from the sweet numbness pouring into her from her tail.
Kohaku (W-What am I doing...!? He is my hated enemy, though...!)
Meno "Augh... Sister..."
Kohaku "Khh!?"
She is brought back to her senses by the sound of her little brother's voice.
Meno cries uneasily at the sight of her sister being gang raped before him.
Kohaku (Khhh! I'm moaning in arousal before Meno's eyes...!)
She rebukes herself and uses all of her might to suppress the sweet and numb sensation she feels.
Her bushy tail shakes as though to escape Derek's grasp.
Derek "Do you intend on enduring even now? Your tail shaking like that is mainly flirtatious."
Kohaku "Don't say something so stupid! I am the proud leader of the foxfolk!"
Derek "In other words, you're just a bitch."
Kohaku "Hahhhhhhhh...!!?"
A finger is stuck into her erect ears next.
Having the inside of her ear rubbed and scratched makes her lose strength in her legs.
Kohaku "Hahhh, ah... ahhhh...!"
Derek "Geez, it's not interesting when you go so stupid from what I'm doing now."
Kohaku "S-Shut up! I'm just a little surprised... Hhh, hahh! Hahhhhhhh!?"
He persistently rubs her tail now that it has been thoroughly turned into an erogenous zone. Kohaku's moans get steadily more dangerous.
The numbing ache steadily concentrates in her loins.
Her crotch is hot.
The sweet ache gathers in the tips of her large hanging breasts.
Kohaku bites hard on her lip and struggles to chase away the aching and the heat.
Kohaku "Hfffff, hahhhh, nghhhh, hghhhhh...!"
Derek "You're moaning like a bitch. Look at your precious little brother getting excited."
Kohaku "Uh... ah!? Meno..."
Meno "Augh... Sister, I'm sorry... Hahh, hahh... hahh, hahhhh..."
Meno grabs the base of his cock with his hand and slowly starts to jerk it.
Even if Kohaku is looking at him, his hand won't stop.
Transparent fluid seeps out of the pink head of his cock.
Kohaku's sensitive sense of smell sniffs up his thick male odor.
Kohaku "Ngh, ghhh...!"
Kohaku's feminine instincts are strongly stimulated in concert with the stimulation from having her tail caressed.
She desperately tries to push down the heat in her crotch, but it just grows greater.
Kohaku (I-Idiot...? I-It's Meno, but I-I... I... What is wrong with me...!?)
Derek "You also seem to be getting excited by your little brother's cock."
Kohaku "I-Idiot! T-That shouldn't be possible!"
Kohaku's voice subtly betrays her.
She glares at Derek, but she can't stop the saliva from welling up in her mouth.
Derek "Hahaha, I'm right, aren't I? Well, it's natural. Bitches want manly cock."
Kohaku "Hahhh...!? Ah, ahhh, hhhhh...!"
She feels an intense heat in her crotch, and all of her hair stands on end.
She looks back and panics at the sight of an inhumanly large cock heading for her ass.
Kohaku (W-What is that size...? It's completely different from Meno's... A-And that heat and hardness...)
Kohaku "Uh, uhhh... hahhh...! Ah, no, stop it... Nghhh, kfff, hnghhhhh...!"
Derek "Don't be so stiff. Even if you aren't nervous, it seems that your cunt is all prepared."
Kohaku "W-What's...? Ngh... ngh! Kffff! Mmm, mfngh!"
He traces his huge cock against her pussy, obscene sticky noises coming from it.
Pleasure wells up inside her crotch along with the noises.
Derek "Meno, you can hear it, right? The proof of your sister's arousal. She wants me to shove into her soon. It's sucking my cock right in."
Meno "S-Sister...?"
Kohaku "D-Don't lie to him! I... hhhh! Hahhh!?"
Derek "I can't believe you've gotten like this just from having your ears and tail played with. You've been an animal from the beginning."
Kohaku "Hahhhhh...!"
He pushes open her pussy with the tip of his cock.
Kohaku's body trembles in anticipation.
Meno "S-Sister..."
Kohaku "Meno... close your eyes... Don't look at your sister in such a disgusting state..."
She feels great shame over being raped in front of her younger brother's eyes.
She can't wipe away the fear of being subjugated by such a hot and ferocious cock.
Meno "Sister..."
Derek "Hey, you, what're you saying?"
Kohaku "Ah! Hanghhh!?"
He tugs on her ear, pulling her face up. The pressure of his cock on her pussy is increased.
Kohaku's whole body fills with a burning ache.
Smiling, Derek pulls on Kohaku's here and says immoral things to her.
Derek "Is it good? That's what you should say..."
Kohaku "Khh...!"
Meno "S-Sister...?"
She opens her eyes wide, and her face turns red like she's about to cry. Meno also starts to cry again.
She wants to tell him not to worry about anything.
But Derek's order contradicts that.
She can't resist when she thinks about what kind of fate awaits Meno if she disobeys him.
Kohaku "M-Meno..."
Meno "Y-Yes..."
Kohaku cannot look right at Meno's face any longer.
She says the words she was ordered to through lips trembling with embarrassment.
Kohaku "F-From now... discipline me, Master, to make me into a splendid bitch... M-Make sure to... watch him do it..."
Meno "Sister..."
Meno audibly gulps.
His erect cock bounces about, and the head starts to swell past its foreskin.
She feels ashamed of herself for making her little brother so aroused.
Kohaku "Khh... khhh, uhhhhh..."
Derek "Well, Meno, make sure to do what your big sister tells you to."
Kohaku "Nghhhh!?"
Derek pulls with an iron grip on her tail, and his hot cock is pushed hard against her crotch.
Kohaku "Haghhhhh, nghhhhhhhhh...!!"
Shllllllp! Shlllp... mlchhhhh!!")
Kohaku "Kfff, nghhhhh, hghhh... hahh! Hahhh, hahhh! Hnghhhhhhhh...!!"
The head of his cock is about as large as a fist. It pushes her labia open, grinds past her vulva, and plunges into her.
Kohaku's whole body twists in pain, and big beads of sweat drip down it.
She bites her lip hard due to the intense pressure. Her beautiful nose flares as she breathes hard in agony.
Meno "Uh, uhhhh... Sister..."
Derek "Kohaku, how are you doing now? Your little brother doesn't know, so he's asking you to explain it to him."
Meno "N-No... I..."
Kohaku "Aghhhhhh...!"
Derek grabs her hair again and pulls Kohaku's head up.
Meno's eyes are filled with tears.
However, the head of his cock is peeking halfway out from his foreskin. Precum continues to flow out of it without stopping.
Derek "Hey, tell him soon."
Kohaku "Uh, khh... khhh... kfff, hahh, ngh, hahh... R-Right now, my vagina... is taking his penis... Nghhhh...!!"
Derek "Vagina? Penis? Who told you to use such antiquated words?"
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhhhh!!?"
A powerful disconcerting feeling comes from having her closed hole forced open. It's a mix of heat and pain.
The hot and hard head of his cock plunges deeper than before.
She knows that something is tearing about inside of her, and her breathing gets rough.
Kohaku "Hahh, hahh, hahh, ahhh... nghhh, kfff, ngh, hah, hahh, hahh... uhhhhh...!"
Derek "Keheh, this is unexpected. Hey, Kohaku, what's stopping my cock now?"
Kohaku "Hahh, hahhh, hah... ahhh, m-my... ah, ohhhh... hymen... uh, ghhh..."
Meno "S-Sister..."
Kohaku "Aughhhh...!"
Her hymen is torn past by his cock as he pushes it even harder.
The fear of the pain to come makes her legs tremble.
Derek "Well, then? There's something else you have to say, right?"
Kohaku "Khhh, hahh, kffff... uhhh, Meno, ah, d-don't miss... your chance... to see, hahh, hahh... your only sister become a woman..."
Meno "Uhhhhhhh..."
She endures the shame even though it makes her want to die and says the words that Derek wants her to say.
Meno's eyes overflow with large tears at the sight of his sister.
But he doesn't stop stroking his cock which bounces about with tremendous excitement.
Derek "Good, Meno. Keep looking at your sister while doing that until the very end."
Spllllrrrrrt! Spllllllrrrrrrt!!")
Kohaku "Hahhhh!? Nahhhh, ahhhhhhhh!"
Meno "Sister...!!"
Brother and sister both cry out at the same time.
Derek's cock crushes her hymen. Kohaku's back arches back at the pain and heat burning in her loins.
But Kohaku doesn't just feel that.
Her face is also pelted with hot fluid.
At the same time, her nose is filled with a thick stench.
Kohaku opens her eyes and gazes at the cock before her, forgetting the pain of having her hymen smashed due to the smell.
Kohaku "Meno... Nghhh, ghhhh... ah, ahhh, hahhh, you... are really..."
Meno "Uh, hic, hic... I'm sorry... Sister, uhhh, I'm sorry..."
Meno hiccups through tears.
Cum is still hanging from his cock. It shakes back and forth like a pendulum.
Strings of cum also hang off of Kohaku's nose. So much so that she can't believe her eyes.
Kohaku (Looking at your sister getting raped... you came that much...!?)
Kohaku is nothing but startled at the unexpected event.
But after her white skin is showered in hot cum, her nose is filled with the intense masculine scent. It stimulates Kohaku's womanly urges.
Her whole body pulsates.
After her hymen was forcefully broken, her pussy grips passionately onto the rod invading her.
Derek "Hahahah, you're both unbelievable perverts! The little brother came on the older sister as she was deflowered, and the older sister is getting horny from the scent of her brother's cum!"
Kohaku "W-What...? Ahhhh, hahhhh!? Ughhh, ungh, nghhhhh!"
Her whole body shakes as her hole is plowed deeply. At the same time, her tail is firmly stroked.
The numb feeling coming from her tail changes the pain in her virgin hole changes to an unbearable, aching heat.
Even though she is being raped in front of her beloved little brother by the man she hated, her body has turned into that of a slut's.
Kohaku "Nghhhhh...! St-Stop... Hahhh, ughhhh! Nghhhh, kfnghhhh!"
Derek "I didn't think a virgin could have this much fun. Is your body on fire because of the scent of your brother's jizz?"
Kohaku "N-No...! I... I...!"
Derek "Isn't it good that you and your brother are so similar? Wouldn't it just be so awful if only your brother was made to feel embarrassed?"
Kohaku "Ahhhhhh...! Hahhh, ahhhh, hahhh, nahhhhh! S-So intense... Hhhhh!"
Derek pounds her hips hard as he pulls on her tail.
Kohaku screams and pants. The unendurable shame and fresh pleasure hit her at the same time.
Kohaku "Ahhhh, hahh, ahhhh, st-stop... Nghh, khhh... So deep... Khhhhh!"
Derek "Kehehehe, do you want me to rape you deeper? It's okay. I'll do as you like."
Blshhhhh!! Shlllllp! Shlllllllllp!!")
Kohaku "Hahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
His burning hot rod slams into her cervix as he continues to grip tightly onto her tail.
She sees fireworks go off before her eyes, raises her chin, and screams unbelievably loudly.
Kohaku "Hahhh, khhh, hahh. uh! Hahh, hahhh... hahhh, hahhh...!"
Meno "Sister... Sister...!"
Meno grips the base of his cock hard trying to endure something.
His cock has just cum, but it looks more erect than it ever has.
She wonders what the best reaction to him is.
But have her womb penetrated by his rod, she can only gulp down her spit.
Kohaku "Ngh... glggg... kahhhh! Ahhhh, nghhhh, Meno... Meno!"
Meno "Hghhh...! Sister...!!"
Kohaku's face approaches Meno's crotch as she is pounded from behind.
She pants from both the pain and pleasure before stretching out her tongue in a fluid motion.
Derek "Hey, what do you think you're doing?"
Kohaku "Agh...!?"
Derek pulls on her hair, yanking her head away from her brother's crotch. She doesn't know whether this is good luck or bad.
Derek laughs at her as complicated feelings swirl about inside of her.
Derek "What a dirty fox. Am I not enough for you? You were trying to put your brother's cock in your mouth, weren't you?"
Kohaku (Khhhh...!? I-I... What was I just doing...!?)
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhhhh!!"
The defensive walls around Kohaku's heart are hit and crumble from the dissonance over what she was about to do.
Each time her pussy is plowed and her cervix is slammed into, a hot pleasure runs through her whole body.
Kohaku "Ugh, anghhh! Nahhhh, ahh, ungh... W-Wait... Ahhhhhh!"
Kohaku "Nahhhhhhh!! Ahhhhh! Aghhhh!"
Before her brother's watchful eye, obscene pants come out of her.
Her awakened feminine instincts cause her pussy to undulate as it squeezes on his cock, seeking his seed.
Derek "You've got quite the tight pussy, huh? Do you want me to impregnate you that much? For a newly deflowered woman, you're quite greedy."
Kohaku "Hghhhhh! Ahhhhh, ahhhh! W-Wait... Nahhhh! I'm not, ohhhh... ohhhhh!"
Blshhh! Blshhh! Bchnk!!")
Derek's pounding increases in speed and vulgar sounds echo out from her hole.
Blood and juices ooze out from her pussy as it is pounded.
His rock-hard cock mercilessly pounds her wet pussy.
Kohaku "Nghhhhh! Hghhh, anghhhh!!"
Meno "Ugh, uhhhhhhh...! Sister, ahhh, aghhh, ghhh... Sister...!"
Meno cries seeing his beloved sister raped before his eyes.
Her voluptuous breasts swing lewdly, and her reddened skin drips with sweat. The scent of which excites him.
Meno's cock trembles so greatly. It is clearly about to burst.
Derek "Hahahahaha! Are you going to cum on your big sister again? It's okay. I'll allow it!"
Kohaku "Hhhh, hhh! Hhhh... hhhhh, hhh! Meno, nahhh! Meno!"
Derek "Well, Kohaku, tell him! Tell him you want cum shot into your cunt or onto your face!"
Kohaku "Nghhhh, hahhhhhh!!"
Shllllk! Shllllk! Shllllk!")
The flames of pleasure well up from her crotch. In an instant, Kohaku's brain is on fire.
Derek "Hey, what's the matter with you!? Say it!"
Kohaku "Hahhh, ughhhh... ahhhh! Ahhh, Master... Master!"
Kohaku "Could you somehow, aghhh, give this slutty fox... your seed, Master... Ohhhhh! Bless me with your seed...!"
Derek "Right, if you try, you can do it, huh!? Well, tell Meno too!"
Kohaku "Uh, kffffff! Meno! Hahh, hahhh! Cum... Meno... spray your baby juice on my face!"
Meno "Uhhhh... Sister! Sister...!"
Meno strokes his enlarging cock unable to endure it.
His testicles are right in Kohaku's eyes, and they look ready to cum.
Derek is looking down on Kohaku and Meno as he continues to pound Kohaku with such ferocity.
Kohaku "Oh, ohhhhhh!? There! Ahhh, hhhhh! You're deforming my uterus... Nghhhhhhh!"
He hits her cervix so hard that it bends. Her extremities go numb, and she feels her vision go white.
She no longer feels like she is herself. She just drools and moans.
Kohaku "Ahhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh!!"
Meno "Sister! I'm sorry, Sister!"
Meno is nearly crying as he speaks and his body trembles violently.
As though waiting for exactly this moment, Derek's huge fist-like head of his cock slams into Kohaku's cervix.
Kohaku "Hahhhhh! Hahhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Meno "Ahhhh, ah! Ahhhhh!"
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhh!")
The siblings both scream in climax at the same time.
Kohaku screams from having her pussy cum in. Meno's crotch also bounces about quickly as he screams in pleasure.
Kohaku "Hah, hahhh, even Meno... again! Uhhh, augh... ughhhhhh!"
Meno "I-I'm sorry...! Ahhh!"
Kohaku "Hahh, hah... nahhhhh! Ahhhh, Meno, your cum!"
The cum launches out of his cock with such force that it makes a sound. It lands right on Kohaku's face.
The hot and bubbling mess sprays all over her, and she arches her back.
Derek grabs Kohaku's hips and shoves his hunk of flesh deeper into her.
Derek "Hey, you still haven't had enough, right? As a special treat, here's another! Fill yourself up!"
Kohaku "Hhhh, ugh! Kffffff!"
Splllrrt! Bshhh Bshhhhhhh, bshhh! Bshhhhhhhhh!!")
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!! I-It's hot. The inside of my belly is on fire... Ah, ahhhhhhhhhh!!"
Her cervix is forced open because of how hard his cock is pushing into it. Cum erupts from the head of his cock.
Kohaku just screams at the intense heat, and her face distorts into a lewd state, further disgracing herself before her brother's eyes.
Kohaku "Ah... ahhh... ahh, ahhh... ah..."
Meno "Hahh, hahh, hahh, hahh..."
The breath of the siblings is ragged as they tremble from the lingering sensation of their intense pleasure.
Cum drips from Kohaku's pussy, and her brother's crotch is absolutely soaked in his virgin juices.
Kohaku "Uh... Meno... Ah... you came... uh, uh... so much..."
Meno "I-I'm sorry... I couldn't endure..."
Kohaku "Hahh, ngh, kfff... I don't mind... Ngh, hahh, hahh, hahh... You didn't do anything wrong... I'm the one who was bad... Ngh, hah..."
The scent of the cum permeates her nose, and although she should be exhausted from her climax, her body once again shudders.
Her virginity was mercilessly stolen by her hated foe, and her pussy was sullied with his cum. But Kohaku is strongly attracted to her little brother's crotch.
Derek obviously notices this.
Derek "Geez, even though I came in you, you can't help but be into your little brother's cock?"
Kohaku "N-No...! I-I'm just... concerned for Meno..."
Derek "Keheh, well, I'll leave it at that. But be at ease. I will prepare an opportunity for you."
Kohaku "What...!?"
She wonders what kind of opportunity he's going to prepare.
She feels a chill down her spine at Derek's cruel smile.
However, at the same time, Kohaku's body aches deep inside in anticipation of something.
Her pussy tightens around the cock inside of it even now.
Derek "I thought as much. That is what you desire, huh?"
Kohaku "W-What stupid... thing are you thinking up now... Don't involve Meno any longer..."
Meno "Sister..."
Kohaku "Meno..."
She strongly resolves to protect Meno even if they're both captured.
Meno's cock is covered in his own juices. It trembles next to Kohaku's nose still immersed in its orgasm.
............
......
...
#02_in006
After conquering the nation of the foxfolk, Derek sends news of his victory to Ladomira.
There is no need to conceal their resounding victory. If the news of it reaches home, the people will likely be happy.
The Service Nation is just as excited over the victory as Derek thought.
But the returning messenger brings back word that ruins Derek's mood.
Ladomira told the messenger to relay, ?hDon't be lazy and come back to report it yourself."
It is idiotic to expect the general in charge of the conquest to come back just to give a report.
But if he ignores her, there is a great possibility that annoying developments will occur.
Fortunately, there is time until the next foe----the Kimia Magician's Guild.
Derek decides to grab a souvenir and return to the capital to improve Ladomira's move.
Ladomira "Oh, if it isn't Derek? What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be out on your conquest? Are you saying that you're already finished?"
Derek's eyes narrow slightly at Ladomira's words.
She is the one who called him back. He doesn't understand what she's talking about. He responds in feigned politeness.
Derek "My liege, I have come to report the results of the war as you said in your message."
Ladomira "Message...? Now that you say it, I sent something like that, huh...? But you won, right?"
Derek "Certainly, my liege."
Ladomira "Well, give your report then. More importantly, Derek, it's been a while, so fuck me."
Ladomira beckons Derek to her bed-shaped throne.
The one to fall angry at Ladomira's remark is not Derek but the surrendering ruler he brought back with him, Kohaku.
Kohaku "You...! You didn't keep your promise and attacked my village! Why have you done this...?"
Kohaku's eyes open wide, her hair stands on end, and she shouts at Ladomira.
Her voice is filled more with sadness than anger.
Kohaku "Moreover... what you've done to Meno! It won't be forgiven... It won't be, Ladomira!"
Kohaku glares at Ladomira as she tries to hold back tears.
Ladomira cocks her head slightly and knits her brows.
Ladomira "Who are you? It's obnoxious to just suddenly butt in where you're unwanted."
Kohaku "W-What...? Do you really intend to say that you've already forgotten me!? You must be joking!"
Ladomira "Derek? Why have you brought this obnoxious woman?"
Ladomira tussles her hair dissatisfied.
Derek grasps the fact that she's already disappointed, but he answers as politely as he can.
Derek "This woman is Kohaku. She's the leader of the foxfolk that I have just conquered."
Ladomira "The foxfolk... Now that you mention it, she does have fox ears and a tail. Fox... Fox..."
Ladomira "Yes, I remembered. You have a little brother named Meno, right? Hahahahaha, his voice is really nice when he cries."
Kohaku "You!!"
Kohaku howls and screams, leaping at Ladomira to tear her apart with her own hands.
But before she can accomplish that, Derek's large hand grabs her by the neck and throws her to the ground.
Kohaku "Gbfff!?"
Her head is pinned down, and her vision is spinning. She can't breathe with his hand pressing on her neck as hard as it is.
But Kohaku still raises her head to stare up at Ladomira.
Amused, Ladomira smiles and walks to Kohaku.
She grabs Kohaku's chin and laughs.
Ladomira "You were part of the Holy Alliance, right? When you attacked us, you betrayed them. I've remembered."
Ladomira "Thank you for that. I praise you for your effort. But your role is over now."
Kohaku "You..."
Kohaku spits words filled with resentment through her hoarse voice, but Ladomira smiles, overwhelmingly pleased with the situation.
Ladomira "Derek, you can have this fox. Do with her as you please."
Derek "Yes, thank you."
Derek bows his head while still pressing down on Kohaku.
Ladomira nods in satisfaction.
Ladomira "Well, the conversation is already good. Your report was more enjoyable than I thought. Derek, I look forward to your next report."
Derek "Yes, understood."
Ladomira "Yes, then you may go. Bring the next woman to me soon."
Derek "I will do my best."
The army of the Service Nation crushes the Principality of Fuksvald.
The one who is the angriest and most saddened by the news is Iris.
Iris has been pleading with the countries surrounding the Holy Kingdom to somehow raise the allied army again the moment that the Service Nation dispatched their conquering army.
Her pleas were successful in several small countries.
And Iris tried to march to the Principality of Fuksvald to save Kohaku.
But the Service Nation had conquered them before she could get her army to march.
This isn't because Iris was slow.
It is because of the Service Nation's unexpected power.
Iris "What? The Kingdom of Eldonia really said that?"
Soldier "Hahh... They said that they will view it as a declaration of war if our army enters the lands of Eldonia..."
Iris "That's... Doesn't the King of Eldonia understand the situation...?"
Iris cannot hide her surprise.
The army of the Holy Kingdom must pass through the lands of Eldonia to attack the conquering army of the Service Kingdom.
If they continue to do nothing, several countries will be destroyed by the armies of the Service Nation.
Soldier "Lady Iris... the Kingdom of Eldonia..."
Iris "Yes... what are they thinking...?"
The Kingdom of Eldonia is calling it an ordinary training exercise, but they have lined up a large number of soldiers along the border with the Holy Kingdom.
It is clearly a threat.
Iris "Why have they...? There's no way they don't understand the tyranny of the Service Nation..."
She doesn't want to believe it, but the possibility is high that the Kingdom of Eldonia has teamed up with the Service Nation.
To battle the conquering armies of the Service Nation, they must first battle the armies of the Kingdom of Eldonia.
That is something Iris wants to avoid.
She wouldn't say that she can't win. But she wouldn't deny that it would be a waste of military power.
It wouldn't be a good idea to waste firepower when they will eventually need to fight the armies of the Service Nation.
Iris "All I can do is first send a message to the Kingdom of Eldonia. Perhaps somehow I can receive permission for our army to pass through..."
Soldier "Yes... understood."
Iris sees the soldier out of the room and takes a deep sigh.
The only nations that can resist the Service Nation's might are the land of the Kimia Mage Guild and the Mercantile States of Dull.
They will simply trample over the other small countries.
Currently, it is best for Dull and the Holy Kingdom to send reinforcements to Kimia while they're sharing their defenses.
The Holy Kingdom must negotiate with the Kingdom of Eldonia to that end.
Iris "What kind of conditions have the Service Nation presented to them...? No, more importantly, are they really going to protect those conditions...?"
Iris regrets responding violently to Eldonia. She is concerned about that future.
On the other hand, in the Kingdom of Eldonia...
Luka (What a lethargic country...)
Luka is in the capital of the Kingdom of Eldonia.
Fitting for a large nation, they have great trade and a powerful army.
While that is the case, the people are all so lacking in energy.
Everybody seems depressed over their futures and wracked with worry.
Luka (The king is beyond help...)
She has been ordered by Derek to protect the king in his palace.
The calmness of the citizens is beyond rational bounds.
The only thing important to the king is his concubine, Mistiora.
The king is somehow being supported by his retainers and generals.
They're working so hard to maintain the status quo without a hint of development for the future.
Luka "Hahh... But be at ease. The commander will save this country."
Luka smiles slightly, hiding her emotions.
Luka "Please leave it to me, Commander. I will get you what you desire..."
Luka melts into the darkness, and only a whisper of a voice remains.
Luka (Guarding this place is a bore.)
Hidden in the shadows, she passes by the soldiers on patrol.
Of course, she would not make any noticeable blunders, but even if Luka wasn't adept at stealth, these soldiers wouldn't notice anything.
The guards act dutifully but without any vigor.
Luka (They're clearly being influenced by the person in charge...)
She mutters internally while silently moving through the palace.
Luka searches for the room containing her goal.
Luka (Here...?)
She peeks into the room from the entrance.
Her eyes first land on the large canopied bed.
There are many different pieces of decoration and furniture in the room. It is clear that all of it is very valuable.
She doesn't know whether it is the whims of the one that stays in the room or the king. It feels like it is merely a haphazardly put-together collection of different expensive things.
However, the mood of the room is broken by some animalistic groans from a man.
King of Eldonia "Ohhhh, Mistiora! Mistiora!"
Mistiora "Ngh... khhh... hahhh, ngh... ah, uh...!"
King of Eldonia "Oh, ohhhhhh!"
The brown limbs of a woman are illuminated by the light. They shake sexily.
Her elegant body is covered by the fat king as he wails in pleasure.
King of Eldonia "You... You're mine! If I have you, I need no other woman! I need nothing!"
Mistiora "Ngh, nghhh... ngh, hahh... hahhh... Do as you like...? My body is yours, ngh... Ah, khh, kfff..."
Mistiora stretches her hand down and wipes the sweat from the king's cheek.
The king snorts in excitement and humps even faster.
Luka (Truly, now is a bad time...)
Luka hides in the shadows breathing quietly as she waits for them to finish.
After that, the king continues to embrace Mistiora.
He persistently shoots cum into Mistiora's mouth, pussy, and onto her breasts.
Once the night has grown late, the king finally stops moving.
He continues to cling to Mistiora's body even though it is absolutely covered in his own cum. He's sleeping like he's fallen unconscious.
#02_in007
Mistiora "Hahh..."
Mistiora silently crawls out from under the king and sighs slightly.
His cum covers her body both inside and out.
She hasn't gotten used to the displeasure even after decades.
Mistiora sighs again slightly and gets out of bed to wipe her body clean.
Mistiora "............"
She adjusts her body and looks down at the snoring king.
There is not an ounce of loyalty or love for him in her eyes.
There is also no hatred visible in her eyes over being imprisoned and fucked by that ugly man every night.
Mistiora looks down at the king with cold eyes.
King of Eldonia "Ghhh... nghhh, gah... ghhhh..."
Her face doesn't change at the king's audible snores either.
She just looks down at the king as she wipes her own cum-drenched abdomen.
At that moment, what appears on Mistiora's face is not disdain or hatred for the king, but rather a sense of regret or remorse.
However, the sadness in her eyes disappears right away, and she slowly looks out to the air outside.
The eastern skies are getting slightly brighter.
Mistiora "So...? How long do you intend to be there?"
After a short while, she speaks while looking at the eastern skies.
Her eyes don't return to the inside of the room.
Time starts moving again.
Luka appears from a dark corner of the room.
Luka "............"
She stands ready to draw her sword and is somewhat surprised about being seen.
Mistiora slowly looks at Luka.
But there is no alert, malice, or fear on Mistiora's face.
Luka "When... did you notice me?"
Mistiora "When you came into the room."
Luka "Why didn't you tell him?"
She caught Luka the second she entered the room.
If Mistiora spoke to the king, Luka would have been chased away by the guards.
Mistiora "Why must I tell him?"
Luka "Huh...?"
Luka knits her brows at Mistiora's quiet response.
She can't read the intentions of the dark elf.
Luka carefully judges the space between them.
But she doesn't feel any sense of malice from her.
Luka (What is this woman thinking...?)
The dark elf's form is lit by a candlestick. Luka thinks that she must be the legendary whore.
There is a languidness in her expression.
However, she can't stop seducing men.
But of course, her allure should have no effect on Luka because they're the same sex and the same race even if only partially.
However, it's odd for Mistiora to not have her guard up at all. That makes Luka hesitate in her judgment.
Mistiora "You have a sword..."
Luka "Khh..."
Luka snaps back to reality at Mistiora's muttering.
Mistiora "I thought you had come to take the king's life. Or are you here for me...?"
Mistiora's voice hardly shows any interest. It's like she's just calmly stating facts.
Luka puts her guard back up after dropping into worthless thoughts. Mistiora gazes at her directly for the first time.
Mistiora "But... unfortunately it seems I still won't be killed."
Luka's hands tremble at Mistiora's mockery.
Mistiora doesn't seem to have any attachment to the king or herself. She seems to just regret her own existence.
Her tone lacks strong determination. Rather, the level of self-mockery is high.
But only the thought that she can't die is conveyed.
Luka "Do you intend to resist...?"
Luka places her hand on the hilt of her sword and quietly threatens Mistiora with her intimidating tone.
Mistiora smiles self-mockingly.
Mistiora "If you kill me, I will resist as much as I can."
The room in the air is heavy due to her words.
But of course, Luka has no intention of killing Mistiora.
Luka "Relax. I didn't come to kill you."
Mistiora "Oh?"
Luka "I am a member of the sixth regiment of the Nigramstian Empire. My name is Luka. I am here to take you back with me."
Mistiora "The Service Nation?"
Mistiora's beautiful eyes open slightly more.
That nickname seems to have been communicated to even the legendary whore.
But a normal woman should exhibit fear or disgust, but she doesn't express anything at all. Rather, her eyes express only sorrow.
Mistiora just answers slowly.
Mistiora "Alright, I will go with you."
Luka "What...?"
Mistiora "What are you surprised over? I'm telling you I will go quietly."
Luka had not expected her answer, so she couldn't hide her surprise. It actually just makes her think that something odd is behind this and causes her to raise her guard.
Mistiora smiles slightly to ease Luka's worries.
Mistiora "You should relax. It's not like I'm trying to kill time until the guards come. My words are true."
Luka "Then, why will you come quietly...?"
Mistiora "If I tell you the reason, will you not take me with you?"
Luka closes her mouth and thinks due to Mistiora's words.
Mistiora's true intentions are certainly unclear, but Luka thinks that so long as she comes along quietly it is fine.
Her orders from Derek are to bring Mistiora back, not to search for her motivation.
Luka "Okay, come. But you know what'll happen if you do anything unnecessary, right?"
Mistiora "I have no intention of doing anything of the sort."
Mistiora responds thusly and quickly follows after Luka.
Luka instinctively takes a defensive stance but stops herself immediately.
Mistiora is staring into her face for some reason.
Mistiora "You..."
Mistiora showed only the subtlest of reactions when she said the name of the Service Nation, but now she looks surprised.
Luka goes to ask her what is surprising her before a guess comes to mind.
She is a purebred dark elf. Luka has heard that purebred dark elves don't like half-elves with human fathers.
Luka "What? I'm a half-elf. Does it bother you that much?"
Mistiora "No, it's not that..."
Luka "Then what is it?"
Mistiora turns her gaze from Luka because Luka's tone has gotten angry. Mistiora just shakes her head slightly, determining that she must be mistaken.
Mistiora "No, it's fine..."
Luka "What?"
Mistiora "Good, forget it..."
Luka "What is with you...?"
Luka shows dissatisfaction.
Mistiora "Well, I will go with you. May we go slowly?"
Luka "Hmph, I know that without you telling me."
Luka (Why is this woman looking down at me? Does she not understand the situation she's in?)
Luka feels crazed by her captive's attitude, but Derek ordered her to bring Mistiora, so there's nothing else to be done.
Luka "I will take you to the actual master you should be serving even though you haven't met until now. You should be thankful for this."
Mistiora "Oh...? I look forward to it. I have great expectations now."
Luka is once again irritated by her provocative form of speech.
She takes it as just part of her work and looks cautiously outside the room before opening the door and exiting into the corridor.
Mistiora leaves as well, leaving just the king alone in the room snoring...
Dawn...
King of Eldonia "Mistiora... Mistiora?"
King of Eldonia "M-Mistiora!? Where are you Mistiora!? Mistiora! Mistioraaaaaaaa!!?"
The king's screams echo through the palace.
The king calls for his guards and makes them search for his beloved concubine. She is more precious to him than his own life.
And the results of that search are...
King of Eldonia "You! You! You!!"
Luka left bits of evidence when she ran away.
The evidence she left behind all pointed to the Holy Kingdom of Aurelia.
If the original King of Eldonia found the evidence, he would likely notice it to be fake.
But his mind is clouded by his rage over losing Mistiora, so his ability to think has already left him.
King of Eldonia "Give orders to the army posted along the border!! Have them invade immediately!!"
Attendant A "Really!? We're going... to start a war with the Holy Kingdom of Aurelia!?"
King of Eldonia "That little bitch must be unhappy that we have allied with the Service Nation! That must be it!!"
Attendant B "But, my liege! We lack the evidence to determine that to be the case..."
King of Eldonia "Shut up!!!"
Attendant B "Gyahhhh!?"
Attendant A "Hhhh!?"
The king cuts down the attendants that tried to argue against him.
There is no longer anybody who can stop the king.
King of Eldonia "Attack immediately! Wipe every last one of them out! Burn Aurelia down to ash and find Mistiora!!"
King of Eldonia "If you can't find her, kill everybody!!"
Attendants "Yes!"
Everything is going just as Derek planned...
#02_in008
The Kingdom of Eldonia has suddenly started to attack the armies of the Holy Kingdom rather than just blocking their path.
The Holy Kingdom is greatly bewildered by this, but of course, they don't just take the attacks.
Because their armies were already raised to attack the Service Nation, they can go out to counterattack right away.
The two large countries enter into a vicious war.
As this is happening, the conquering army of the Service Nation is leisurely taking the small countries that were a part of the Holy Alliance. The next place they will attack is the country of the Kimia Magician's Guild.
It is a place hidden within a deep valley between a lot of mountains. It is said to be a holy land for mages.
Kimia.
It is a place built by mages for mages.
It is just a small village of a few hundred people.
But the barrier surrounding the village prevents anybody other than the guild's mages from entering.
Once upon a time, the king of a country dispatched an army to try to bring Kimia under the king's control, but they were ensnared by the barrier and could never reach Kimia, dying of exhaustion.
It is because of the barrier that the mages of Kimia can safely focus all of their attention on researching magic.
Because of this, Kimia was foolishly confident that they'd never be invaded. Because they thought that the barbarians of the Service Nation could never force their way through.
Astrid "Hahhh..."
Astrid sighs heavily in the corner of the Service Nation's military camp.
Her body hurts. Her crotch hurts more than anything because it's been rubbed raw.
No matter how much she wipes her hands and breasts, the texture of the cum still won't leave her. Let alone inside her mouth and pussy.
She really just wants to take a refreshing bath, but she can't be granted such freedom.
Astrid "You truly don't ever give up..."
Astrid mutters, fed up with the situation.
Since she was imprisoned, she has been used as a whore for the marching army. She has been used so much.
With each passing day, she is forced to fulfill the sexual desires of the vulgar soldiers.
She has tried numerous times to escape, but each time, she is captured and forced through a horrific experience.
It has crushed any thoughts of escape from her.
Astrid (But... I definitely won't help them invade Kimia...!)
The army of the Service Nation will pass into the valley where Kimia sits tomorrow.
But no matter how powerful the army is, the power of the barrier will lead them to wander in circles until they've exhausted all of their energy.
Astrid believes that is why she has been brought. As a mage of Kimia, she can pass through the barrier.
Of course, if she doesn't help, she will face an experience crueler than anything she's faced before now.
Kimia is Astrid's home. The precious place where she was raised.
She is the leader of that place now.
How could she help to destroy it?")
Astrid (I think I look too bothered, though...)
There is a man from Kimia in the Service Nation's army. He is a mage who uses lustbrands. That is the only thing that worries Astrid.
Astrid "Uhhh..."
Cum continues to drip from her crotch even though she has wiped it, and her body trembles with fear.
She takes another deep sigh. The sounds of pained moans from women behind her, mocking laughter, and cheers can be heard from behind her.
Astrid looks behind her, and her shoulders drop.
Eleonora is being fucked by several soldiers. There are still many more soldiers surrounding her.
It's time for Astrid to finish her break or else all of the burdens will befall Eleonora.
Soldier A "Hey, how long are you gonna lay about!? Or do you want to fuck me in a more unpleasant manner? Heheh!"
Astrid "Shut up! I got it! I said I'm going!"
Astrid responds in anger at the soldier's vulgar words.
But her legs won't move forward.
Astrid's heart is exhausted by her unending life as a prisoner.
Astrid (It's okay... There should definitely be a chance to escape...! I just need to endure for now...)
Astrid desperately scolds her own breaking heart.
She lifts her face and tries to return to the soldiers.
Astrid "Eh...? W-What...?"
The soldier suddenly drops to the floor like a marionette with its strings cut.
It's not just that soldier. The soldier raping Eleonora and the other soldiers watching also all drop.
On the alert, Astrid's ears suddenly pick up an unexpected voice.
Bibi "Professor...!"
Astrid "B-Bibi...!?"
It's one of her pupils that she was separated from in the big battle.
Surveying their surroundings and trying to keep her voice down, Bibi rushes over to Astrid with clear joy.
Her other two pupils Izabella and Amy are in the forest that Bibi emerged from.
Normally, Izabella would definitely have stopped Bibi's dangerous behavior, but she just gazes at Astrid anxiously.
Bibi "I'm sorry to have kept you waiting, Professor! Well, let's go!"
Astrid "Let's go? What are you doing? What if you had been caught as well...!?"
They would have faced the same horrors that Astrid has faced.
That alone would be bad enough. Astrid urges Bibi to go quickly because she herself is fine.
But Bibi stubbornly shakes her head.
Bibi "You saved us last time, didn't you, Professor!? So this time it's our turn!"
Bibi "Moreover, we've already come, so wouldn't it be best to just get out of here quickly?"
Astrid "Oh, you... kids...!"
Even though she must scold these children for doing something so reckless, she just starts to cry.
However, there is also Eleonora. If Astrid alone escapes, Eleonora won't just have to take on Astrid's load, but she'll surely meet a wretched fate.
Astrid "You heard, right, Eleonora? Run away with us now."
Astrid helps Eleonora who is underneath one of the unconscious soldiers.
But Eleonora shakes her head after she's gotten to her feet with no intention of going.
Eleonora "Lady Astrid... I thank your pupils for being so brave as to come here."
Eleonora "But it's this body. I will just slow you down. Go ahead and leave me here."
Astrid "There's no way I can do that."
Astrid can't help but shout at Eleonora as she smiles sadly.
Eleonora's smile, though oozing with fatigue, gives off a gentle warmth.
Eleonora gently grabs Astrid's hand and smiles reassuringly.
Eleonora "I feel greatly saved by just your feelings. Next is my part. I will do all that I can to buy you time to escape."
Astrid "Khh..."
Astrid looks between Eleonora and the soldiers behind her again and again.
Astrid knows most of all that there is no time to waste. She bites hard on her lip.
Eleonora "Well, go..."
Eleonora lets go of Astrid's hand so that she can go.
Astrid looks down once and then back up at Eleonora. Astrid knows that her own eyes are red and wet.
Astrid "I'll definitely... come back to save you with all of Kimia...!"
Eleonora "Yes... please be careful."
Astrid runs to the forest with her pupils.
She looks back one final time and can see Eleonora praying.
Astrid "Hahh, hahh, hahh, hahh..."
Izabella "Lady Astrid, are you okay?"
Astrid "Y-Yes... I'm sorry."
Her pupils are ahead of her. They look back at her with worry on their faces.
She tries to form some reply, but her fatigue is at its limit.
Astrid (When we reach home... if I can meet with the Grandmaster, I'll be able to save Eleonora...)
Astrid uses that thought to support herself, forcing her body to move despite its screams of agony.
Kimia's current Grandmaster's health has been in decline. Perhaps because of old age.
But her influence and raw power are still unmatched by any other person.
Surely, many of the mages in Kimia are thinking that the army of the Service Nation can do nothing because of the barrier.
But the Grandmaster should be persuadable. If the Grandmaster is on her side, Kimia will surely stand against the Service Nation's army.
If the Service Nation's army is destroyed, Eleonora, Kimia... and many other countries will be saved.
Bibi "Professor, please hide..."
Astrid "Khh...!"
Astrid had just been continuing forward, but she is brought back to her senses by the words of her pupil and suddenly stops moving.
Bibi grabs Astrid's hand and pulls her behind a tree to hide.
Soldier A "Hey, look! That way! Hurry!"
Soldier B "Oh!"
The voices of soldiers that are chasing after them still sound distant, but they're now audible. They won't be able to put distance between them.
No, it's worse than that.
Astrid (Eleonora... are you okay...?)
Astrid remembers Eleonora's smile as she told them that she would buy them time to run away.
And now she feels sorrow at the profound waste.
Astrid (She wouldn't have been able to escape, huh?)
Eleonora would've struggled to walk let alone run.
Astrid breathes deeply and looks at the worried faces of her three pupils.
Astrid "It can't be helped. We'll split up here. I'll draw them away, so you girls run away."
Bibi "Eh? What are you talking about, Professor!?"
Izabella "That's right! If we do that, what would we have come for?"
Astrid "You came to help. That is more than enough."
Astrid hugs each of them to show her appreciation.
She recalls her memories of fun days with her pupils.
Perhaps this might be the last time she sees them. It makes it difficult to get away. Heat wells up in her heart.
Astrid "Then... you'll get away safely, right? Please give a message to the Grandmaster."
Astrid gives them a final embrace and shares her message.
She tussles their hair and wipes their tears, trying to look behind them for the coming soldiers.
But the pupils won't allow it to happen.
She looks at their faces and nods hard.
Izabella "Lady Astrid, we will be the bait."
Astrid "W-What are you saying?"
Bibi "Professor, we're telling you that you'd be useless bait in the shape you're in. We're young, but we're more than enough to take on those soldiers!"
Amy "I-I'm afraid... but I'll do my best...!"
Normally, Amy wouldn't be so self-assured, but they all gaze at Astrid with resolution in their eyes.
Astrid "Khh...! Don't say something so stupid. There's no way that I can allow that!"
She's already sacrificed Eleonora. There's no way she can sacrifice her pupils as well.
But Astrid knows well as their teacher that trying to persuade them is meaningless.
Astrid starts to walk in the direction of the soldiers of the Service Nation, but her three pupils run past her.
Astrid "Hey, girls...!!"
Izabella "We'll meet you back home, Lady Astrid."
Bibi "I'm telling you we'll be absolutely fine."
Amy "W-We'll do our best..."
Astrid "Wait! Please wait!"
Astrid calls out to them to stop, but her three pupils continue to run in the direction of the soldiers without even looking back.
Astrid doesn't have the strength to chase them any longer.
Astrid "Ghhh, khhhh... uhhhhhhhh...!!!"
Astrid's shoulders tremble, and she makes a fist so hard that her nails dig into her palms, drawing blood.
She wants to tear out her chest because of how worthless she feels.
But she doesn't have the time to waste on her frantic thoughts over her three pupils.
Astrid "Please just don't do anything stupid..."
Astrid makes that plea and hurries to her village.
First, she must gather military forces.
Even if the worst is to come, she should be able to save her pupils.
She prays that is actually the case as she uses the last of her strength to run through the forest.
Several hours after Astrid's escape...
Derek "So Astrid got away, but you caught these three brats instead...?"
Soldier A "Y-Yes..."
The soldier responds nervously. He shakes so much that he seems like he's about to collapse.
The three young mages lie at his feet. They're all gagged and bound in rope.
The three of them go pale. They gaze at the woman before them as she trembles.
Eleonora "Uh..."
Eleonora said that she would buy time for them to escape. She now lies beaten up more than when she was raped by the soldiers.
Her hands are bound behind her. It is difficult to find a spot anywhere on her body that isn't covered in cum.
Her mouth, pussy, and asshole are all agape, cum dripping from them.
She also has many painful-looking whips marks all over her body.
Derek glances at the three terrified pupils before staring back at his soldier.
Derek "Don't let it happen again."
Soldier A "U-Understood...!"
The soldier salutes in response.
Derek nods, and the soldier leaves awkwardly.
Called by Derek, Nicola enters.
Nicola "I-It appears Astrid escaped..."
Derek "Yes, look forward to her recapture."
Derek says that to suppress Nicola's dissatisfaction.
Lucaon "More importantly, you were banished, right? Are you really going to be able to pass through the barrier?"
Nicola "Ah, yes, certainly, I planned to have Astrid lead us..."
Nicola's gaze falls on the three girls lying on the ground. His smile is a mixture of self-confidence and sadism.
The three girls gasp, moving closer to one another.
Nicola "T-There's no problem at all. We can march on Kimia as planned, C-Commander."
Lucaon "You're brimming with confidence, but there really will be no problems, right?"
Nicola "Ah, yes... I'll show you the true value of lovebrands..."
Nicola looks back down at the three girls, and his smile deepens.
The next day...
Mage A "Lady Astrid!? You were alive?"
Mage B "Oh, Lady Astrid! You've returned...!"
Astrid finally reaches Kimia. Many mages throng around her, noticing who she is.
They all nod happily to see she is safe as Astrid questions them loudly.
Astrid "Listen! The army of the Service Nation is marching on our village now! What actions are being taken?"
Mage C "Isn't... there no reason to take any action? No matter how strong the Service Nation is, it is meaningless because they cannot reach here."
Astrid "No!"
Astrid tugs at her own hair at the expected response.
Astrid "My friends and pupils acted as bait to save me..."
Astrid gives them the gist of how she escaped.
Her pupils still haven't returned, and the possibility they've been captured is high.
The mages lose their normal calm and gulp down in confusion.
Nobody had considered mounting a counterattack, so it can't be helped.
Astrid raises her voice to calm the chaos and prepare them for battle.
Astrid "The Grandmaster!? Where is the Grandmaster...?"
Grand Master "I'm here... Astrid."
Astrid "Grandmaster!?"
Mage A "Grandmaster! Is it okay for you to be walking!?"
The mages gathered in the plaza are surprised at the sudden appearance of the elderly mage. They part ways for his passage.
Kimia's Grandmaster.
The elderly man is very old and slowly approaches using his staff which exemplifies him as a mage to walk.
His complexion is bad and sometimes he coughs, but there is still strength in his eyes.
Grand Master "You've returned safely... I was worried... Kaff, kaff..."
Astrid "Yes... I'm sorry, Grandmaster..."
Touched by the old mage's hand, hot tears run down her cheeks.
She's really home. Her body feels weak from the overwhelming relief.
But she grinds her teeth to stifle that feeling. She stands up straight and turns to the mages with a serious look in her eyes.
Astrid "Grandmaster, Kimia is approaching danger now. We must take means promptly."
Grand Master "The Service Nation... They're dangerous enough for you to say that?"
Astrid "Yes."
Astrid responds with a single word and gazes at the Grandmaster.
The withered old man, gnarled as an ancient tree, closes his eyes.
All of the mages including Astrid wait with bated breath for his response.
Grand Master "Alright, we will prepare right away."
Astrid "Thank you, Grandmaster!"
She is so happy her hair stands on end.
The surrounding mages exclaim in surprise, but there are none willing to argue against the Grandmaster's decision.
Astrid immediately names several of the strongest mages to line up so that they can prepare a plan of counterattack.
Astrid "Eh...?"
She feels a subtle shaking in the land.
Surprised, she concentrates.
Suddenly, her face turns serious, and those around her fall silent.
Astrid "Khh...!?"
At a steady rhythm, the ground vibrates from something heavy pounding into the ground.
The vibrations get larger and larger bit by bit.
Astrid "How could this be...!?"
Astrid looks to the entrance of her village as she goes on about how this is impossible.
Astrid is well acquainted with those vibrations. They steadily get louder until something appears to go with the noise.
Mage A "W-What? Why is Lady Astrid's golem...?"
Mage B "W-Wait...? Has the Service Nation's army... really broken through the barrier!?"
The barrier is broken. Such a thing should not be possible. All around burst into a panic.
Their deep thought disappears, and screams echo through the village as everybody runs away.
Astrid stands in the town square ready to fight those that are coming, ignoring the actions of those around her.
Following the huge vibrations is Astrid's... no, the Service Nation's golems and the rest of their army.
Leading them is a man in an impressive black suit of armor.
Astrid and Derek look at each other, and he smiles at her.
Astrid "Derek... Rondo...!"
Astrid speaks his name with disgust in her voice.
Finally, the Service Nation's army reached Kimia, the home of the mages.
Derek "What a drab little village. Doesn't it suit these hermits?"
Derek looks over the village with disdain as he speaks haughtily.
From behind Astrid, mages groan.
Astrid "You really got through the barrier... You've done something to my pupils, haven't you...?"
Derek "Your pupils? Yes, those pathetic brats had a teacher who escaped."
Astrid "You...!"
Astrid finally burns up with anger at his clear provocation.
But a hand is raised to stop Astrid.
Grand Master "Are you the leader of this army...?"
Astrid "Grandmaster!?"
Derek "What if I am, old man?"
The old mage hardly stands as tall as Derek's chest. Derek looks down at him coldly.
With the distance between them, Derek's sword can likely hit the old mage before he can cast any magic.
But the Grandmaster of Kimia doesn't show an ounce of fear.
Grand Master "This is the village of mages! Those uninvited should leave quickly!!!"
An unbelievably loud voice comes from the old man's body. The Grandmaster hits his staff against the ground.
Huge bolts of lightning rain down just from that.
Service Nation Soldier A "Gyahhhh!?"
Mage D "Ohhhh!?"
The cries of fear from the Service Nation's soldiers and the shouts of awe from Kimia's mages layer upon one another.
The lightning doesn't just strike the soldiers gathered behind Derek but also Astrid's golem.
The smell of burning rock wafts about.
Grand Master "Well, how about it!? If you want it, I will burn you with fire!"
Derek "Hahahaha, good! I thought this was a boring village, but aren't things getting interesting!?"
Derek bares his teeth and swings a huge sword.
Astrid suddenly tries to appear before the mage.
But...
Grand Master "Gbfff..."
Astrid "Eh...? G-Grandmaster!?"
The old mage seems to be pushing down a cough. He falls before she can reach him, though.
After Astrid screams, she quickly grabs his body.
His body is lighter than she imagined. She can feel from his falling to his knees that his disease has progressed so far.
Astrid "Huh...? Grandmaster, please get up!"
He's breathing, but he's lost consciousness.
The mages of Kimia scream and run at the sight of the Grandmaster in such a state.
Derek "Hah, I got excited, but it's turning out boring. Whatever, this village'll be burned down."
Astrid "I won't... allow that!!"
Astrid wipes her tears with her arm and picks up the Grandmaster's staff.
Astrid's staff was stolen when she was captured by the Service Nation's army.
The staff the Grandmaster wields is similar, but it is a special class permitted to be wielded by only the leader of the mages.
That staff is a medium for powerful magic. It will allow her to use that magic.
Astrid "If you thought I could only use a golem... I'll teach you just how wrong you are!"
Derek "This seems interesting. But I have something I want to show you."
Astrid "Eh...? I-It can't be...!?"
In an instant, she is reminded of her pupils.
She has a bad feeling, and her chest tightens with pain.
Derek raises his right hand, giving a signal to the subordinates behind him.
A familiar face appears from amongst the soldiers... Nicola appears smiling.
Astrid "Nicola...!"
Nicola "Hahahahahaha, so scary. But your pupils are so cute."
Astrid "Khhh..."
Although she expected it, Astrid grinds her teeth at Nicola's words, staring daggers into him.
But Astrid's eyes open wide at the sight of her beloved pupils subservient to Nicola.
Bibi "Hey, not yet...? Fuck my cunt soon."
Izabella "Me too... My body is unbearably hot... Please smash my hymen with your huge cock soon."
Amy "Ngh... I want you to let me take a lot of your cum in my mouth or in my pussy..."
Astrid "Stop, girls!!"
Astrid screams.
But Nicola's magic causes Astrid's voice not to reach them.
The soldiers surrounding them walk toward them. They have foul smiles on their faces.
Her pupils' eyes glimmer red and lustbrands are carved on their abdomens. They're completely under the control of the lustbrands.
Nicola "Y-You're different from your teacher. You're good girls. When I asked, you immediately showed me the right path to get through the barrier."
Astrid "Khh...!!"
Astrid grips her staff strongly in rage. She tries to point the tip of it to Nicola.
Nicola smiles and slinks behind her three pupils.
Astrid "Khh...!"
Bibi "Ah, your cock is already getting hard, you know?"
Izabella "Hahh... Your... ngh, manly smell is making my cunt hot..."
Amy "Please fuck me so much..."
They rub his crotch, bury his face within their breasts, and touch their own pussies. It all puts Astrid at a loss for words.
Nicola's lustbrands are more powerful than she could've imagined. It's like he's deliberately trying to flaunt it to her.
The soldiers look to Derek for permission to fuck the three girls.
Derek smiles at Astrid and gives his soldiers a nod.
Astrid "Stop... Stooooooooop!!"
Astrid tries to stop it, but she is caught by Astrid.
The soldiers embrace the girls at that moment.
Of course, the three girls take the soldiers happily.
#02_in009h_mob03
Izabella "Lady Astrid, can you see...? This splendid cock... This cock is going to take my virginity now, you know...?"
Izabella is being embraced by a soldier, and she moans aroused as she pushes his cock against her own crotch.
She gazes at Astrid with eyes that are wet with arousal. Heated breaths escape from her mouth.
She slowly draws circles with her hips to rub against the cock inside and sometimes bounces from the pleasure.
Bibi "Ehehehe, this cock is also incredibly hot and hard, Professor. Just having it rub against me a little is making my cunt all wet and sloppy."
Amy "M-Me too... T-This penis is big... Ngh, ah... It's thrilling... What an incredible cock... Fwah..."
Bibi and Amy have their own virginities stolen in just the same way, communicating how pleasurable it is to Astrid.
The three of them twist their bodies like they'd been waiting so long, smiling flirtatiously at the men inside of them.
The light of rationale empties from their eyes. They emit a lewd glimmer from having their sexual desires controlled.
Astrid cannot bear seeing her pupils this way. Their hearts are taken from them. She looks up at Derek as he twists her arm.
Astrid "Please make them stop! If somebody is going to be gang raped, let it be me!"
Derek "Relax, I'll take good care of you as well. So now just quietly watch your pupils."
Derek "But if you must interfere, you can try to struggle. It might be more fun that way."
Astrid "Ugh...! Khhh, uhhhh..."
Astrid groans in pain as he twists her arm all the further.
More than the pain, Astrid lacks the strength to fight against Derek as he stares down at her with a smile on his face.
It isn't difficult to imagine that her pupils will face a much worse situation if she doesn't just silently accept the reality she's in.
Of course, the other mages don't interfere either.
Besides, the greatest of the mages, Astrid, has been captured.
Moreover, her beloved pupils with their promising futures have been completely enchanted by the enemy's magic.
All of the mages in the village are aware that it is meaningless to resist.
Izabella "Then, Lady Astrid... nghhh, now I'm going to take, hahh... this whole splendid cock into my cunt..."
Bibi "You're such splendid men crushing our hymens... Please watch, Professor."
Amy "Ah... Just thinking that everybody in the village is watching... makes my cunt squeeze tight, Professor, nghh... I-I'm becoming a regular old slut."
The three girls all smile with arousal as Amy speaks happily about being made into a slut.
When the three girls shake their hips, speaking like they've been waiting for so long, sticky noises are audible.
Astrid "Khh..."
Derek "What are you doing? Your pupils have asked you to look at them."
Astrid averts her gaze due to the immense pain. However, Derek grabs her face and forces it back toward her pupils.
Her beloved pupils smile and nod at the meeting of her gaze.
Izabella "Nghhhhh... nghhhhh! Hghhh, kahhhhhh! Ahhhh, incredible! Your cock is going inside of me!!"
Bibi "Hahhhh! Agh, aghhhhhh! Incredible! It's so incredible! My cunt is being stretched with cock... Ahhhhhhhhh!!"
Amy "Haghhhh... ngh, nghhh, khnghhhhh! Nahh, ahhh! Your cock!"
Astrid "Khh...!"
Astrid closes her eyes because she can't stand to watch, but she can't stop the moans of her pupils from reaching her ears.
The three girls are screaming in pleasure more than the pain of having their hymens smashed.
Izabella "Ahhhh, Lady Astrid, please look! His cock is stabbing into my cunt!"
Bibi "My cunt is too! It's so deep, ahhh! His cock is reaching so deep! Losing my virginity is the best!"
Amy "Professor! I... nghhh, I'm happy to be having my first time like this! Cocks are so nice! They feel so good!"
Their virginities are taken by men they don't even like, blood drips from their deflowered pussies, and the three of them scream about how much pleasure they're in.
The girls are still young, but their faces right now would make any who saw them describe them invariably as sluts. They're drunk on their first sexual experience.
The soldiers smile at them as they violently pound them with their engorged cocks.
Izabella "Nghhhhh! Oh, ugh, ohhhh! Incredible! Your cock is grinding me away! Ahhhhh!"
Izabella's body is being thrust into quickly from below with cock.
The force of gravity pulls her forcefully back down with each thrust.
The hard, fist-like head of his cock passes through her freshly deflowered pussy to her unripe uterus.
Izabella "Ohhhhhh! Nghhh, ohhhhhh! Khhh, khhhhhh! Lady Astrid!"
Izabella "His cock is hitting my womb... Gahhhh! Anghhhhhhh! My uterus is being ground against, and it's making me go crazy!"
Bibi "Hahhhh, aghh, nahhhh! Me too! My cock is also incredible! Nahhh, professor!"
Bibi moans.
The man fucking her readjusts the grip of his big hands around Bibi's thighs. He continues thrusting his cock into her roughly.
Blood coats his cock every time it appears from her pussy. It mixes with her pussy juice as his cock shoves deep into her pussy.
Bibi "Hhhhh, nghhh, hghhhh It's hot! The inside of my cunt is being ground down by his cock! Aghhhh, ahhhh, it's burning up!"
He mercilessly spreads open the hard walls of her pussy with his steel-like cock.
He pounds the freshly deflowered little girl with intense speed.
But Bibi screams proudly of her pleasure as her hair is tussled to such an extreme degree that her hat is about to fall off.
Bibi "Nghhhhh! Professor, it feels incredible in my cunt! Sex is the best!"
Bibi "Nghhh, khhhh! My brain is going numb! Good! Sex is so incredible! Sex is infinitely better than training!"
Amy "Ah, hhh, hahhh! Agh, ahhh, me too! Me too! I wanted to have sex sooner!"
Amy is also being fucked deeply. Her body arches back hard as she cries tears of pleasure.
Amy "Professor... Professor! It's incredible! Ah, ah, ahhhhh! I get it...!"
Amy "My... cunt, ahhh! It's for cock. I can tell how much fun it is!"
The intense pleasure takes control of her, but her own pussy squeezes tight, and her hips thrust back, allowing her to perceive the presence of the cock even more deeply.
Amy "Hhhhh, hhhhhh! So intense! Ahhhh, his cock feels too hot. It's burning my cunt!"
Amy "Nghhh, aghhhh! More! Fuck my cunt more! Please fuck it even more roughly!"
Amy has always hidden in Izabella and Bibi's shadow never voicing her own thoughts, but now, she drools as she flirts with the soldier fucking her.
She looks up at the man, squeezing her pussy to bring his cock even just a little bit more pleasure.
The lustbrands on all of their abdomens glow even stronger.
Izabella "Nahhhh, ahhh, no more! I can't endure this pleasure any longer! Nahhhhhhh!"
Izabella "Lady Astrid! Lady Astrid! I'm sorry! I'm quitting being a magician, ahhhh! I'm going to be a prostitute in the Service Nation!"
Bibi "Me too! Me too! I'm going to become a whore so that I can use my cunt all day!"
Amy "Ahhhh, hahhh! We can all become splendid prostitutes! Please show us how to use our cunts well... to pleasure all of you!"
Astrid "No... stop this already..."
She knows that Nicola's magic has bound their hearts.
But she can only see the changed visage of her pupils.
Astrid somehow looks up at Derek with tears in her eyes.
But Derek is just smiling happily.
Derek "What are you looking at? The show is that way. Make sure to watch your pupils."
Astrid "The show!? How could you...!?"
Astrid's eyes open wide as though she's noticed something.
Her three pupils each moan as though to tell her that what she's seeing is true.
Izabella "Oh, ohhhh!? His cock is trembling, ohhh, inside of my cunt, ahhh!"
Bibi "Ahhhh, nahhhh! Ahhhh! Will you cum? Will you cum inside of my cunt? Please cum!"
Amy "I want it! I want it! Give my virgin cunt your jizz, nahhh! Please spray me with your seed!"
The three of them tremble and beg the men for their cum, their bodies covered in sweat.
Their whole bodies are penetrated by burning pleasure as their pussies squeeze pleasure out of the men in return.
The men all start pounding the three girls even faster.
Izabella "Ughhhh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohhhhhhh! So deep inside! Please shoot your jizz right into my womb!"
Bibi "Cum! Fill my cunt with your jizz! Impregnate me!"
Amy "I want to cum! Please let me cum! Please give my cunt your jizz! Please make me cum by filling my uterus with your cum!"
The soldiers release a blow right through her uterus just as they're asking for.
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Bshhhh! Bshhh! Gshhhhhhhhhh!!")
Izabella "Nghhhh! Oh, ohhhh, unghhhhh! You're filling my womb with your jizz!"
Bibi "Ahhh, aghhh, ah, ahhhhh! It's hot! Your hot cum is exploding into my cunt!"
Amy "Hahhhhhhh! I'm cumming! I'm happy! You're letting me cum by shooting your jizz into me!"
The soldiers' cocks each dig part way into their cervixes as they unleash burning hot cum into them just as the three girls desired.
The girls' bodies tremble in immense pleasure from having their wombs sullied by the men just as they asked for.
Izabella "Ahhhhhh! I'm melting! Lady Astrid... Ahhh, I...!"
Izabella "My uterus is being filled with cum! My brain feels like it's melting... Ah, ahhh, no more! I'm too happy! I'm going to die!"
Bibi "Kynghhhh! Drink it up! I'm drinking up your semen with my cunt, Sir!"
Bibi "Ahhhh, this is going to knock me up! I'm going to get pregnant! My virgin cunt is going to be pregnant in a single load! I'm... cumming!!"
Amy "Nahhhhhhh! Nahhh, ahhhh, Professor! Please look! Look more!"
Amy "I'm cumming! Please watch me cum from my first time having sex and my first experience taking a load! Nghhhhhh!"
The three of them scream obscene words as they enjoy the overwhelming climax brought about by being cum in.
Astrid just cries without saying anything.
However, the three girls are immersed in a world of bliss until the guys finish cumming.
Nicola looks at the situation with reservation. He touches the lustbrand carved into his own arm on Derek's signal.
Izabella "Nghhhh!?"
Bibi "Ahhhh!?"
Amy "Hahhhh!?"
The three of them tremble wildly all of a sudden.
It isn't a spasm brought on by their orgasm.
The light from their lustbrands fades, and the light of rationality returns to their formerly pleasure-drunk eyes.
Izabella "Ah... uh, uhhh... What in the world...?"
Bibi "Err... What happened...?"
Izabella's face grimaces slightly, and Bibi's eyes bulge as memories flood into her mind.
Amy also looks around wondering what has happened.
Amy "Ah, Professor... Huh...?"
Izabella "W-Why is everybody...? No, huh... this is..."
Amy first speaks happily upon seeing Astrid, but she quickly notices that something is off.
Izabella's face also shows increasing doubt.
Astrid's face is already pale as she gazes at the girls.
Bibi "Something hurts...?"
Bibi scrunches her face. She touches her abdomen where the pain is coming from.
Perceiving the existence of a foreign object at her fingertips, Bibi looks behind herself.
Her vision is hit with the vulgar smile of a soldier.
Bibi "Ughhhh!? Agh, ahhh, nghhh! It hurts? Why!? Eh, ahhhhhh!?"
Izabella "Nghhhhh, ungh, nghhhh, ghhhhh! Hhh, hahhhh! Hahhh, uh, this can't be! This isn't possible!"
Amy "Noooooo! Aghhhhh! It hurts! Ughhh! Nghhh, hghhh, ahhhhh! Please let me go already!"
Even though the soldiers have just finished cumming, they fuck the little girls even harder than when they started.
Now that Nicola's spell has been removed, the girls' hearts and bodies are exposed to the reality of their rape for the first time.
Their hearts are shredded over the absurdity of having their purity trampled over. Intense pain happens because of the cocks forced into their pussies.
The soldiers on the other hand start pounding them rougher, pleased with the sudden shrinking of their pussies due to the pain.
The girls' screams and the sound of flesh pounding against flesh ring through the village square.
Izabella "Why!? Aghhh, nghhhh! Oh, ohhhh! No, noooo! Don't look!"
Izabella notices that this is the village square. It causes her to scream with pain and shame.
The people of her village are surrounded by the army of the Service Nation. They just look down with pained looks on their faces.
Bibi "It hurts! I'm being torn apart again! It burns!"
Amy "Nghhhh, gahh, aghhh, ghhhhh...! Hahh, hahhh, ahhh, Professor! Noooo, noooo, please save me!"
Astrid isn't the only one who is taken aback by Amy's cries.
Bibi and Izabella both also start to cry and beg for help.
Bibi "Professor, nahhhh! I-I, ughhh!? Nghhhhhhhhh!"
Izabella "Haghhhh, ghhhh, nghhh, ohhhh! Ugh, kah, hahhh, Lady Astrid! I'm sorry! Forgive me!"
Astrid also cries and looks up at Derek due to the sight of her pupils crying so desperately for her.
Astrid "Isn't this enough!? Let my pupils go! You can do whatever you want with me!"
Derek "Don't be so noisy. It's already over, so just watch quietly."
Astrid "Over... Seriously!? No, you must really stop doing any more than this! Haven't you already sullied these children enough!?"
Astrid tries to go stop the soldiers, twisting intensely in Derek's arms.
But Derek's fingers dig deeply into Astrid's arms, and she is unable to escape no matter how much she struggles.
It is the second time the girls have undergone this experience, but to them, it seems like the first.
Izabella "Nghhhh! Ugh, gffff, nghhh! Ugh, kfff! I-It's too intense! Ahhh, nghhh, hahhhh!"
Bibi "Gahhhhh, ahhh, nghhh, hhhhh! I-It's hot, hyahhhh! It hurts! I can't take it any longer. This is already past the point of what I can take!"
Amy "Kyah, hahhh! Nahh, hahhh! Ughhh, nghhh! Nahhhh! You're going to cum into me... No, nooooo!"
The soldiers' hips move faster and faster, forcefully plowing the girls' ripe pussies.
The girls scream from the pain and heat of having their pussies plowed. The word cum from the soldier's mouth drives them to despair.
Izabella "Oh, ohhh, ugh, khhhh! Ugh, ngh, hahhh! No! Just don't do that! Lady Astrid!"
Bibi "Oh, hahhh! Won't I have a child if you do that!? No, no, I'm telling you to stop! Professor!"
Amy "Nghhhh! Hghhh, khnghhh! Hahh, hahhh, nooo, noooo! Let me go! Please save me, Professor!"
Astrid "Ahhhhhhh! Stop it already! Stop it! I'll take their place!"
Astrid cries and screams at the sight of her pupils crying for help.
The soldiers line up the girls and fuck them deeply as though to flaunt that fact to Astrid.
Splllllrrrrrt! Gshhhh! Gshhhh, gshhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Izabella "Nghhhhhhh! Oh, ohhhhhhhhh! Ughhhh, gnghhhh, nghhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Bibi "Ngh!? Hhhhhhhhh! Hahhh, agh, ahhhh, nahhhhhhhhh!"
Amy "Kyahhhhhhh, anghhhhh, hyahhhhh! Nahhh, it's hot, hhhhhhhh!"
The soldiers tremble repeatedly while their cocks remain base deep inside the girls' pussies.
The hot cum erupts like lava with each tremble. The girls' wombs burn from the heat of it.
Izabella "Hahhhhh! Nahhhhh, it's inside of me! Hot cum is gushing into me! I don't want this to continue any longer!"
Bibi "Nooooooooooo! Let me go! Forgive me! I was bad!"
Amy "Please I'm begging you! I'm also sorry! Please stop cumming already!"
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhh! Bshhhhhhh, bshhhhhhhh Bshhh! Gshhhhhhhh!")
Izabella "Nghhhhhh! Ugh, ohhhh! I can't take it any longer, Lady Astrid!!"
Bibi "I can't take this any longer! Stop, stop, stop, stop! Professor!"
Amy "Wahhhhhh! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Ahhhh, please save me, Professor!!"
The three of them all scream in despair, but their hope of escaping from the soldiers isn't granted, and the soldiers continue to pour every last drop of cum they have into the girls.
Izabella "Ah, ahhh... agh, ahhh..."
Bibi "Uh, uhh... No... hic, uh, ugh..."
Amy "Ah, ahh... eh, eh... uhhhhhh..."
The everlasting cumshot finally comes to an end, and the girls' crotches drip with a large amount of jizz.
Izabella groans, Bibi sobs, and Amy laughs vacantly.
Astrid hangs her head in shave at the fact that she couldn't protect or help her pupils.
Astrid "Uh, uhh... Y-You're too cruel... Didn't I say I'd take their place...?"
Derek "Of course, you will also get fucked a lot now. The conquest is still going to continue."
Astrid "Ugh... uh, uhhh..."
Astrid cries with her head hung in shame.
But there is nobody who can lend her a hand now.
The village of mages, the land of the Kimia Magician's Guild, surrenders to the Service Nation's army.
............
......
...
#02_in010
The mage village under the control of the Kimia Magician's Guild has fallen. Derek separates from his army and returns to the capital of the Service Nation once again.
Of course, it is because it is an order from Ladomira. She has told him to report the results of the battle to her directly.
It is a stupid plan that just delays his blitzkrieg, but he doesn't argue against her.
But two of the major nations of the Holy Alliance have already fallen, and the Holy Kingdom will have their hands full with the Kingdom of Eldonia.
Rather than rushing, Derek accepts Ladomira's order in order to ensure his own footing.
Derek "And that ends my report."
Derek had prepared what he was going to say beforehand, so he finishes his report.
The response he gets in return is mocking laughter from Ladomira.
That laughter isn't directed at Derek, however.
Ladomira "Hahahahahahahaha, what's the matter? Do you intend to tell me that you're already at your limit even though you asked for it yourself?"
Man "Kffff, nghhh, khhh, hhhhh...!"
A man groans breathlessly below Ladomira.
He grinds his teeth as he thrusts up into Ladomira.
Ladomira "Ahhh, nghhh, yes... Ahhh, you can do it if you try, huh...? Hahaha, yes, more...!"
Ladomira smiles while pacifying the cocks of other men next to her.
A gurgle comes from her pussy as it squeezes tight around his cock.
The legs of the man lying down spasm as he is unable to endure it.
Ladomira finally returns her eyes to Derek as she feels the pulsating cock inside of her pussy.
Ladomira "So... this village, Kimia, nghh, nghhh... were there any good men?"
Derek "Unfortunately, my liege, there were no men fit for you."
Ladomira "In that case, you should have just ignored them... Ngh, muah, lckk, lckk... nghh... Or maybe it is best to burn down villages with no good cock."
Ladomira sucks on cock as she laughs.
Derek doesn't answer and waits for her next words.
Ladomira "Well, it's okay... Please find some excellent cock for me in the next country. That's an order, Derek."
Derek "Understood."
Derek doesn't argue against her stupid orders and just accepts them.
After the conversation is finished, in a good mood, Ladomira starts moving her hips on top of the man below her.
Groans of pain from the men in the audience, the obscene sticky sounds of fluids, and Ladomira's laughter all echo through the room.
Raymond "Oh, Derek! Thank you for the hard work!"
When Derek exits the guardhouse, Raymond is there to meet him. He is a heretical priest banished from the Holy Kingdom. He is currently working as a politician concerning the domestic affairs of the Black Dog Knights.
Just because his job is in domestic affairs doesn't mean that he has ample amounts of free time while Derek is out on his conquest.
Rather, he must manage the movement of supplies from the Service Nation. He's much busier than normal now.
Despite how busy he is, he is in a better mood than usual. Perhaps because the invasion is going well.
Derek "How is the capital doing?"
Raymond "Yes, everybody is excited by your victories, Derek. Everybody is praising your name."
Raymond "Of course, I also continue to pray to God that your victory comes as soon as possible so that we can reach Lady Seraphina! Oh, praise be to God!"
While handling Raymond's excitement, Derek checks on the situation in the capital.
Ladomira seems to be holding some celebratory festival for Derek's victory. Everybody is busy preparing for it now.
Derek finds it so stupid because even though he and his army brought about this victory they're still all currently out fighting.
Derek "Well, whatever. If Ladomira is behaving as usual, there is no problem. If something changes, contact me right away."
Raymond "Of course! I do it all to bring Lady Seraphina to my god!"
Raymond once again moves in an exaggerated fashion to pray to his Goddess.
He suddenly starts to speak like a civil servant. Perhaps he has finally calmed down.
Raymond "By the way, Derek, next is Dull, yes?"
Raymond "The supply lines won't be thoroughly crushed, but because Dull is in the mountains, I expect it to be a tough journey. It might be difficult to extend the supply lines that far."
Raymond "I hear that dull is a naturally impregnable fortress. You should be careful."
Derek "I'll keep your advice in mind."
Raymond "Ah, right. There is one more thing I want to tell you."
Derek "What?"
Raymond "It is about the Holy Kingdom. They're battling Eldonia, and it seems they have yet to fully reform."
Derek "Oh, is that right?"
Raymond "Yes, I still have colleagues in that land who keep appraisal of everything."
Derek "Understood. Thank you."
Raymond "Haha, may God be with you, Derek."
Raymond doesn't even know the true form of the corrupted Goddess he worships, but Derek leaves with a hand raised to acknowledge Raymond's prayers.
The attack of the Service Nation's army doesn't stop until all of the Kimia Magician's Guild have fallen.
A report is promptly delivered to each country.
The Service Nation is moving its way through the countries of the Holy Alliance. That fact has driven the allied nations in their path into a panic. Countries are crushed without being able to put up adequate resistance.
This is with the exception of the United Mercantile States of Dull.
Dull is not a nation with a ruler.
They're a union of states that cover the vast mountains and deserts in the east.
The city of Ufra sits at the center. It is a city built in the mountains by the halflings and serves as a center for trade.
There are many weapons developed by the halflings and treasure accrued by them in that city.
Ufra is also located high in the mountains, so it acts as a natural fortress.
Mel Mel "Fire!!!!"
The line of artillery along the castle walls all fire.
Service Nation Soldier A "Gwahhhh!?"
The thunderous noise shakes the battlefield, blowing away the Service Nation's forces that are charging at the wall.
But this doesn't stop the Service Nation's reckless charge.
They simply climb over their fallen comrades and continue onto Dull's castle walls.
Mel Mel "Geez... Their commander is incompetent, but these subordinates are a handful. But I have no sympathy for them!"
Mel Mel "Load the charges...! And fire!!"
Service Nation Soldier B "Gyahhhh...!"
Service Nation Officer "Don't fear! Just charge!"
Mel Mel "Next that way! Aim...! And fire!"
Service Nation Officer "Gahhhhhh!?"
Under Mel Mel's command, the artillery fires continuously, tearing through the Service Nation's army.
Those soldiers that somehow make it through during the pause between blasts are showered in a hail of arrows.
As a follow-up, a large number of rehired mercenaries attack the soldiers of the Service Nation, sending them running.
As a result, the Service Nation's invasion of Dull is proceeding slowly.
Halfling A "Lady Mel Mel, the enemy is pulling back!"
Mel Mel "Alright, today we win again!"
The surrounding artillery members cheer at Mel Mel's declaration.
Mel Mel smiles and nods, but she doesn't forget to keep her guard up.
Mel Mel "Right, that's enough being happy. We don't know when the enemy will attack again, so we must stay alert."
Halfling B "Roger!"
The artillery unit spreads out to attend to different tasks such as maintaining their cannons, replenishing ammunition, or keeping watch.
Mel Mel nods to her subordinates and turns to look at the Service Nation's camp in the distance.
Mel Mel "No matter how many times they attack, it's hopeless for them. We still have plenty of weapons, ammunition, and food."
Mel Mel "Hahaha, we could stay in here for three, five... even ten years! So, I wonder how many more days they can hold out. Ahahahah!"
Mel Mel's laughter echoes across the battlefield, causing her artillery unit and mercenaries to respond with a loud battle cry.
After being chased away, the Service Nation's soldiers can only look up resentfully at the castle walls.
Lucaon "We can't do anything. Whenever we try to set a trap, they just see it coming because of their height advantage..."
Around ten days have passed since the battle started.
Lucaon mutters about their inability to achieve a satisfactory victory today as well.
The biggest problem is Dull's high-powered artillery.
The Service Nation also has artillery, but their artillery is inferior both in range and precision. Their enemy has the high ground, so their artillery is completely useless.
They tried to attack with some flying monsters, but because of the line of giant bows, they get shot down easily.
Lucaon "The damage is within the expected range, but more and more of our people are groaning in dissatisfaction."
Derek "If we have no results, that's natural."
Derek nods to Lucaon's report.
Their reckless ground assault uses soldiers gathered from the surrounding cities, but it is not unexpected that dissatisfaction is coming from the regular soldiers.
Derek "How are the supply lines?"
Lucaon "There haven't been any issues yet, but they're running late."
Derek "Hmm..."
Lucaon "There is something I have to say. A merchant named Cale Gale has requested a meeting."
Derek "A merchant...?"
Derek looks to the entrance of the tent.
For war, supplies are necessary, especially food.
Ordinarily, supplies are brought by a supply unit from the Service Nation, but if the supply route cannot be secured, local procurement and purchasing from merchants may also be done.
But it's difficult to imagine merchants willing to sell to them when they're attacking Dull the home of the merchant's guild.
Moreover, Cale Gale is selling wears cheaper than usual. From investigations, it appears that there is no real problem with the quality either.
Derek thinks about it for a moment and then gives Lucaon an order.
Derek "Good, bring them in."
Lucaon "Really?"
Making clear his shock, Lucaon shows his own suspicions.
However, he doesn't argue against Derek's determination and immediately brings the merchant in.
Cale Gale "Lord Derek, it is my pleasure to meet you. I am Cale Gale Dinbul."
The middle-aged man is dressed in well-tailored clothes. He has a pleased smile on his face as he respectfully greets Derek.
But Derek's sense of smell sniffs out the wicked thoughts behind that smile.
Derek (He seems usable.)
With Derek's determination, he decides to test how far he can use Cale Gale.
Derek "Can you really supply that much at that price?"
Cale Gale "Of course. Won't you be able to finish your war with this, General Derek? In that case, I can supply them to you at that price."
Cale Gale "If I sell things at a low profit margin, if I can keep the relationship for a long time, that is more than enough to make a lot of money."
Derek "Hmm, I see."
The negotiation is going smoothly now.
If Derek can continue achieving more and more victories, as the merchant who aided him, he can get even more sales.
But it is clear from Cale Gale's face that he is here for more than that.
Derek "And Mel Mel...?"
Cale Gale "C-Certainly, General Derek, you are perceptive."
Cale Gale smacks his own cheeks and smiles back at Derek.
Derek's gaze prompts him to wipe the sweat from his brow before he explains further.
Cale Gale "If I were to be honest, I've actually been betrayed by Mel Mel."
Cale Gale, as usual, has a smile on his face. But there is a sinister desire seething below that smile.
The contents of his betrayal don't merit special mention.
Cale Gale experienced great losses in the past when trading with Mel Mel.
Moreover, because of Mel Mel's badmouthing, he's currently banned from trading with other states.
Derek "In other words, this war is an opportunity for you to take personal revenge against Mel Mel?"
Cale Gale "Yes... yes...! I'm prepared to supply you with food and weapons even if it is at a loss...!"
Derek "Hmm..."
Derek looks at Cale Gale rubbing his hands while tracing his own chin with his finger.
Cale Gale's eyes are filled with expectation, unease, and above all resentment.
Derek smiles.
Derek "You mentioned weapons. Can you prepare ammunition for cannons? And not just a little. A lot."
Cale Gale "Yes, of course. I can prepare enough to buffet them with fire. Of course, I can prepare lots of cannons as well."
Lucaon "Hey, are you serious?"
Lucaon's face oozes bewilderment in contrast to Cale Gale's smile.
The artillery of the Service Nation isn't useful. That is something already well-proved. The munitions that Cale Gale brings are not very different.
It is just a question of what is going to be done with the large amount gathered.
But Derek smiles and gives his order to Cale Gale.
Derek "Good. Then bring them right away. I'll listen to your further requests depending on the results of your work."
Cale Gale "Really?"
Derek "Yes, however, that doesn't mean I'll be handing Mel Mel over to you. I also have ideas for her."
Cale Gale "Yes, yes, of course. If I can show that brat justice, that is enough for me."
Cale Gale's face momentarily looks disappointed before returning to smile.
Dull's artillery strategy is going to be faced with a new challenge.
Several days later...
Mel Mel "Fire!!!"
Mel Mel's screams are followed by an eruption of artillery fire. The shots mercilessly pulverize the front line of the Service Nation.
This has happened for several days in a row.
Mel Mel "Geez, those poor soldiers under the employ of such useless generals."
Mel Mel "But I have no sympathy for them! Just fire away!"
Halfling A "Oh!"
Mel Mel's powerful voice cheers on the artillery unit.
The sounds of artillery fire from the Service Nation's army are audible.
However...
Mel Mel "Ahahahahaha! They'll never reach us! How about learning that it's useless to fight us?"
Mel Mel "If they knew how much money we spent on artillery development, they'd die of fright!"
Mel Mel puffs out her chest and mocks the crude artillery of the Service Nation.
The Service Nation's artillery once again fires as though to drown out her laughter.
Of course, it doesn't reach the walls of the castle. It just aimlessly slams into the mountains.
Mel Mel "Geez, don't they get that it's pointless? How about we show them our real firepower today!?"
Mel Mel "Fire!!!"
Mel Mel's scream echoes and a volley is launched at the Service Nation's large artillery.
But the enemy continues firing without giving up.
However, their shots never reach the castle walls, just shaking the ground slightly.
Mel Mel "Ah, geez. What are they doing? I'm feeling bad for them..."
Mel Mel "Don't let up! Well, go! Load up the next round! And fire!"
Several more days pass from there...
Halfling A "They're really trying their best, huh?"
Halfling B "Lady Mel Mel, we're still okay."
Mel Mel "Yeah..."
The artillery continues to fire.
Of course, the fight is still one-sided.
The enemy is just shooting into the side of the mountain aimlessly. They cannot attain any victory.
Mel Mel's side continues to crush dozens of the enemy's artillery.
Mel Mel (Despite that, they keep moving out more and more artillery... What in the world are they thinking?)
She doesn't think there is any chance of her side losing.
But she is uneasy about not knowing what the intention of her enemy is.
Mel Mel (They know that we have plenty of artillery and ammunition...)
Mel Mel (Right... Despite that, why do they keep firing against us?)
There are many mysteries to the Service Nation's actions.
Even though the enemy's artillery is getting crushed, the amount of it never decreases. More than that, there isn't even a hint that they're trying to save any amount of their artillery.
She thought that her enemy was prepared for a long battle against the impenetrable fortress of Ufra, but their combat strategy seems more suited to a fast battle.
Mel Mel (What are they doing...? I've got a bad feeling about this...)
Mel Mel's senses generated from years of experience as a merchant tell her that something is strange.
When Mel Mel starts to think she should send a spy----")
Mercenary A "Gahhhh...!?"
Mercenary B "W-What!? Wahhhh!?"
Mel Mel "Eh...? What!? What is happening!?"
Human screams and sounds of destruction can be heard.
It sounds like a battle within the castle walls.
Panicked, Mel Mel cannot find the words, seeing what is happening.
The Service Nation's monsters have invaded the castle. The human mercenaries employed by Mel Mel are beaten back.
Mel Mel "W-Why...? Where did they suddenly appear from!?"
Mel Mel screams and pulls at her hair at the unexpected event suddenly occurring before her.
Monsters appear one after another, tearing through the inside of the castle.
Halfling A "L-Lady Mel Mel, a tunnel! The enemy dug a tunnel to the castle walls. We can't stop them!"
Mel Mel "A t-tunnel!? How did they do that...!?"
Suddenly, the answer comes to her.
The vibrations they felt.
They thought it was from the enemy army's artillery, but it wasn't just that.
The enemy used the inhuman power of their monsters to dig a tunnel through the hard boulders.
The sound of the artillery was to just hide the vibrations caused by their digging. The continuous days of artillery fire were meaningless.
Mel Mel "How could they have slipped past us!?"
She wants to punch herself for being so proud.
But no matter how much she regrets it, it doesn't change the fact that they've been invaded.
And now that they've been invaded, their options are limited.
Mel Mel "We need to abandon here for now! Everyone retreat further in! Hurry!"
Halfling B "Y-Yes!"
The shaken artillery unit finally starts to move at Mel Mel's order.
In an ideal situation, she'd like to tamper with the artillery so that the enemy can't make use of them, but she lacks the time to do so.
The most important thing is life, so Mel Mel grits her teeth and hurries everybody deeper into the fortress.
Mel Mel "Damnit! I always underestimate my enemies...!!"
She grits her teeth in regret and hurries along the retreat.
Screams and battle cries are shouted at the same time.
Troll "Grahhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Halfling A "Hahhhhhhh...!?"
Halfling B "Nooooo, let go!"
Mel Mel "What!? They're already this far!?"
The war is reaching its conclusion already.
There are hardly any mercenaries left.
Of course, many have been defeated by the enemy, but it is still far less than she employed.
She can't see them fighting anywhere else either.
Mel Mel "Ughhhh! I can't believe those mercenaries!!"
Mel Mel complains about the mercenaries that have decided to run rather than risk their lives to fight while she runs toward a troll.
Mel Mel "Don't touch her!!"
Mel Mel uses her might to slam into the troll holding one of the people from the artillery unit.
But before she can do so, she is grabbed by something in the air.
Mel Mel "Eh...?"
Mel Mel "Hyahhhhhhh!!?"
The instant that Mel Mel realizes she has been grabbed by another troll, her body is already being yanked high into the air.
#02_in011h_mel01
Mel Mel "Hyahhhhhh!? Wait! Really just wait a second!!"
The troll lightly lifts Mel Mel up like a doll and tears off her clothes.
Mel Mel screams as her crotch is exposed.
But over the sound of her own screams, she can hear her allies calling for help.
Halfling A "Nghhhhhh!? It hurts!!"
Halfling B "Agh, hahh, kahhh...! This is impossible... It won't fit... Hghhhh!!??"
Mel Mel "Khh!?"
Mel Mel forgets her own fear for a moment and turns to the sound of her subordinates' screams.
The small halflings are being literally skewered by the trolls' massive cocks.
Mel Mel "H-Hey! What are you doing to them...!? They're telling you it hurts!"
Mel Mel's protests turn into pained moans.
The troll continues to pull Mel Mel's legs apart, showing no care for Mel Mel and exposing her innocent crotch.
He pushes his huge cock toward her.
Mel Mel "Hey, what!? Ehhhhhhhh...!? I-I'm telling you it's too big!!"
His pulsating cock is about the same size as Mel Mel's leg.
Moreover, the head peeking out past the foreskin emits such a foul stench that it makes her head spin.
Mel Mel "This is weird, right? I've never actually seen a cock before..."
Looking down at his huge erection, her eyes fill with fear.
Mel Mel "This is impossible! It's absolutely impossible! It's too big! There's no way something like that will fit!!"
Mel Mel "And... it's my first time... I can't... take a troll for my first time...!"
She struggles, attempting to escape, but the troll has such a grip on her legs that she doesn't move at all.
The stench wafting from the head of his cock gets more and more intense.
Mel Mel "Ughhhhhhh!?"
The smegma clinging to his cock makes a sticky noise as it is rubbed against her crotch.
The sensation causes goosebumps to appear all over her body.
Mel Mel "Hhhhh, no, no, no! It's sticky! I-It's gross!!"
Troll "Hahh, hah! Hahhh!"
Mel Mel "Hhhhhhh!?"
The more Mel Mel shows her displeasure, the more excited the troll looks.
He snorts while rubbing his cock against her pussy.
His huge cock is covered in sweat and smegma. It rubs against her pussy, leaving filthy strands.
Mel Mel "Hhhh, it stinks! W-What is... this, ah, hhh!?"
His cock grows larger from rubbing against her crotch, and the head reveals itself more and more from his foreskin.
Mel Mel "Ugh...!? Uhhh, pah... uhhhh! I-It stinks... It stinks so bad!"
The reddish-black head of his cock stinks even worse.
Mel Mel keeps herself from vomiting as her head is sent spinning over the fear of being crushed.
Mel Mel "A-Alright, good! I got it, so just wait!!"
Troll "Ghhh...?"
Mel Mel "I'm a merchant, you know? I can get you whatever you want!"
Mel Mel "I can get you a sex doll for trolls... I-If I look, surely I can!"
Mel Mel "I could get you a troll princess...! I could get you the most attractive troll wife...! So, so, so----!"
Shlllllk! Shlllllk, shllllllllk!!")
Mel Mel "Nghhhhhhhhhhhh!!?"
Her desperate pleas are meaningless. The troll forces the tip of his huge cock into her small halfling body.
Her flesh tears and her joints feel like they're being torn from their sockets.
Mel Mel "It hurts! It hurts, you idiot! Hhhh, I said this is impossible... C-Can't you tell by looking!? The size... completely doesn't match!!"
Troll "Grahhh!!"
Shllllllk! Shllllllllk!!")
Mel Mel "Kyahhh!? Kyahhhhhh!!?"
The troll thrusts his cock up without caring.
Mel Mel shakes violently as her legs are tugged in his attempt to stick his entire cock into her pussy.
Mel Mel "Hhhh, ghhhh, augh, I was lying... When I called you an idiot, I was lying! I'm sorry, so let me go! T-This is going to break me!"
She cries and pleads unable to endure the fear and pain.
But her feelings of fear just stimulate the troll's desires.
The troll's cock gets hotter and pulsates more as it enters her. Her pussy burns with pain.
Mel Mel "Nghhh...!? Hhh, hhh, hhh... No... Why is this happening to me...!?"
Mel Mel "I don't want... my virginity taken by a monster...! This definitely can't happen!"
Troll "Grahhhhhh!!!"
Mel Mel's screams cause the troll's excitement to explode.
The terrifying battle cry echoes out as he slams into her hips while yanking her legs apart.
Mel Mel "Ghhhh!?"
Mel Mel "Gyahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!"
Shllllllllk! Shlllllk, shlllllllllllk!!")
Mel Mel "Gyahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Gyahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"
The intense pain of having her body torn apart causes her to spasm. Piss forcefully erupts from her crotch.
Blood oozes out of her forcefully torn-open pussy.
Mel Mel "Gahhhhhh! Aghhhhh, gfffffff!? Ghhh... uhhhhh!! Hhhhhh!"
But Mel Mel doesn't have it in her to notice that she is pissed.
Her abdomen bulges, taking the shape of the troll's cock.
Her brain is filled with the fear that her internal organs are going to be crushed. As soon as she thinks that, his inhuman cock once again pulsates wildly.
Shlllllk! Shlllllllllllllllllllk!!")
Mel Mel "Aghhhhhh!? Gahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!?"
The troll thrusts his hips upward, tearing her blood-and-piss-drenched labia even wider.
Mel Mel's eyes open wide, and all she can do is keep screaming.
Mel Mel "Aghhhhhh!? I'm going to die!! I'm dying!!!"
Shlllllllp! Shlllllp! Pshhhhhhhhhh!")
She stops pissing for just a second before another forceful eruption comes from her crotch.
The troll's foul stench and the strong odor of ammonia waft through the area.
Mel Mel "Gyah! Ah... I'm dying! I'm dying!!!"
All of her organs are pushed up into her body due to the immense pressure applied to them.
His cock feels like it's going to come out through her mouth.
Troll "Grahhh! Grahhh, grahhhh!"
Mel Mel "Gahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!?"
The troll's large cock is finally fully buried into her.
The head of his cock pushes through her vagina and slams into her uterus. It is as hot as burning coals.
Mel Mel "It hurts! I'm going to die! This is really going to kill me!!"
Mel Mel flails aggressively and screams at the pain of having her whole body skewered.
Mel Mel "Nghhhh!? Hhh, hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!?"
The troll suddenly pulls his hips back.
She feels like he's pulling her organs along with his cock, causing her hips to tremble.
Mel Mel "Kafff, hahh... hahhhh! Hhhhh, hhh, hahhh, hahh, hahhhhh..."
The unpleasant sensation gives her goosebumps, but the reduction in pain is much more preferable.
Mel Mel tries to catch her breath as she looks down at her own crotch.
Mel Mel "Ah... ahhh... hahaha..."
The troll's blood-drenched cock has almost been completely pulled out.
Seeing that, she smiles in some sense of relief.
Mel Mel (T-That's it, right? I'm clearly too small... for a cock that size...)
Mel Mel (He gets that it's impossible, yeah? Certainly, even a head empty... troll...)
Mel Mel "Hahh... ahahah, hahahah..."
The pain causes her whole body to tremble, but she laughs in relief over the experience ending.
But she is wrong about that.
Troll "Grahhhhhhh!!"
Mel Mel "Kah, kahhhhhh!? Hghhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"
The mostly exposed cock once again thrusts balls deep into her.
Mel Mel opens her jaw wide, screaming as though the air from inside of her body is all being pushed out.
Mel Mel "Ghhhh...!! Kffff, bffffff...!! I-It's hard to breathe... Ughhh, pah... gpff!?"
She feels like she's going to puke, and saliva mixed with bile drips from her mouth.
Her mind waves from the burning pain in her throat.
Mel Mel "Abffff, hhh... kpfff... ghhh, hahhh..."
Troll "Grahhhhh... hahh, hahhh!"
The troll stops moving and seems to enjoy the feeling of being deep in her pussy.
Mel Mel is already out of breath. Not just her vagina but her entire womb feels full, and she cannot make any noise.
Mel Mel "Ah... ah... gah...!"
Her belly button has turned into a twisted shape because of her swelling belly.
Tears keep flowing from her eyes.
The troll once again pulls his hips back while lifting Mel Mel's small body at that moment.
Mel Mel "H-He's pulling out, hhh, khhhh! Hahhh, ahhh, ahhh... I'm getting pulled inside out...!"
Her pussy is yanked out as his huge cock once again pulls out to reveal the head.
Mel Mel's body spasms in pain yet again.
Her limbs feel cold, but her crotch is exceedingly hot.
Mel Mel "Hhh, hahhhhhh..."
Mel Mel (T-This is the end, right...? H-He has to have... noticed it's impossible, right...?)
But her hopes are naturally crushed.
Mel Mel "Gahhh, ah, nahhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Shlllllllk! Shllllllllllllllllk!!")
Mel Mel "Gnghhhhh, again!? Hghhhh, uhhhhh, no! I'm tearing!!"
Troll "Hahhh, hahhh! Hahhh, hahhh!!"
Mel Mel "Nghhh, uhhhh!? Ngfffffff!!"
Acting on instinct, the troll continues to accelerate his pounding.
His raging erection violently pounds in and out of Mel Mel's pussy without a shred of mercy.
Mel Mel "Hghhhhhh, ahhhhhhhh! I can't take it any longer! Stop! No more... cock!!"
Troll "Grahhhhhh!!"
Mel Mel "Aghhhhh!? Ahhhhhhh!?"
The ferocious pounding is to her entire body rather than just her pussy.
Her whole body is filled with cock.
Mel Mel "This is impossible! This can't be happening! This is really... going to kill me! I'm going to die! I'm going to die right away!!"
Mel Mel "I-It hurts too much! I feel funny! I-I'm... going crazy!!"
Troll "Hnghhhh!!"
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!! Hahhhh!? Ahhhhh, nahhhh, ah! Nahhhh!? Ahhhhhhhhhh!!"
The troll's movements cause Mel Mel's belly to bulge in and out.
Each time the hard tip of his cock hits her uterus, Mel Mel's tongue goes numb and drool goes flying as she screams.
Mel Mel "Gyahhhhh, aghhh! Hghhhhhh! E-Enough! Enough already!!"
Mel Mel "Let me go already!!"
She begs through to tears for the intense pressure and pain to stop.
But the troll's movements get even faster.
Mel Mel is like a broken doll. Her legs are yanked as her body is shaken up and down.
Mel Mel "Nghhhhhh!? Aghhhhh! L-Let me go... Hghhhh! Hghhh! I'm telling you...!!"
The wide ridge around the head of his cock scrapes along her vaginal canal as it pulls out before pushing forcefully back into her body.
Urine, blood, and an immense about of precum bubbles out from the corners of her pussy.
Mel Mel "Gfffff, nghhhhh... ahhhhhh! Ah, ah, ahhh... ahhhhh!?"
Mel Mel notices something odd as the intense pain empties her mind.
His cock picks up speed and size as it makes her pussy burn all the more.
Mel Mel "Nahhhh, ah!? It's getting bigger... again... What...!? What!?"
The heat and hardness of his cock increases. It gets to such a degree that it feels like it'll tear right through her womb.
The troll's huge cock moves in and out of her at a rapid pace. He groans either in agony or laughter.
Mel Mel (Can this... really be happening? D-Does he intend to cum...? I-It's inside my pussy...)
Mel Mel "Hyah! No! Definitely not this!!"
Mel Mel forgets the pain, and her limbs flail. She struggles desperately trying to escape.
Mel Mel "St-Stop! I won't forgive you if you cum!! I won't!! Ahhh, nghhhh! Ughhh, hghhhhh!!"
But skewered by the troll's cock, she can't do anything but hold on.
The troll acts according to his animalistic instincts. He pounds her rapidly with his cock like he intends to cum in her.
Mel Mel "Gmmffffff! Ungh, nghhhhh! Hahhh, hahhhh, pull out right away! Do it outside! O-Outside!"
The vein in the troll's huge cock pulsates. It expands large enough to make her feel like she's going to tear now.
Mel Mel's consciousness is lost from her, and the huge cock plunges into her pussy without any thought for the owner.
Mel Mel "Gahhhhhhhh! Ahhh, hhhhh! Ahhh, ahhhhhh! Ughhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Her pussy tightens around his cock regardless of her intentions due to every muscle in her body spasming and contracting.
The inhuman cock pulsates wildly as though pleased with the contractions.
Splllllrrrrt, bshhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhh!!")
Mel Mel "Ohhhh, ohhhhhhhhhh!? Ohhh, my belly! My belly...!?"
The semen launches out of his cock like a cannonball in a semi-solid state. It explodes violently in her uterus.
Mel Mel "Hyahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"
Mel Mel's belly bulges like a balloon from the first shot.
However, the troll isn't finished cumming. A second shot and a third shot are launched, causing Mel Mel's belly to swell further.
Mel Mel "Nghhhh!? Ugh, hhhhh!? Ughhhhhhh! My belly----!?"
The capacity of her uterus reaches its limit in an instant. It feels like cum is going to start pushing out of her belly button.
Mel Mel "Nahhhhhh, I can't take it. No more is going to fit! My belly is going to burst! My belly is about to be torn apart with cum!"
Troll "Hahhhh! Grahhhhhhhhh!!"
Spllllllrrrrrrt! Gshhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh!")
Her pussy is sealed up tight by his huge cock until finally no more will fit and cum erupts back out of her pussy.
And once again a huge cannonball of semen is launched into her.
Mel Mel "Gyahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
After it is fired into her core, Mel Mel screams, and her consciousness finally blinks out.
Mel Mel "Ah... ahhhh, ah..."
The long ejaculation finally comes to a close.
The troll snorts in satisfaction, shaking Mel Mel's hair violently.
Mel Mel "Ah... uh... ahhh, hahh... ahhhh... ahhhh..."
Mel Mel's mind is still a haze.
Her vision is unfocused and her body is trembling. Vacant laughs fall out of her mouth.
Mel Mel "Uh!? Uhhh, oh...!!"
The burning pain hits her again.
The troll tries to pull his cock from her.
Mel Mel "Ahhh, ahhh... agh, gahhh... ughhh? Ah, ah...!!"
Mel Mel "Nghhhhhhh...!!"
Splllrrrt! Gshhh, gshhhhhhh!!")
A huge cock is pulled from her hole, making sloppy noises.
Mel Mel "Ahhhh, ah, it's coming out... Hahhh, ahhh, it's spilling out...!"
The troll's cum gushes out of her gaping pussy like a waterfall.
Mel Mel "Ah, ah... uh, ah...!"
Gshhhhh, gshhh, gshhhhhhh...
A yellow fluid from her urethra chases after the waterfall of cum, making the ground filthy with fluids.
Mel Mel "Hhh, hhhh... ahhhhh... hhhhh..."
Her unfocused vision just stares at the mess coming out of her as she laughs in a broken manner.
............
......
...
#02_in012
With Mel Mel's capture, Dull's defeat is decided.
Dull's main force is unable to escape, and the entire castle falls in one blow.
The results are that the Service Nation's army topples Ufra in one go. The long war is brought to a sudden conclusion.
Dull is completely defeated.
That night...
Derek "Your artillery was certainly powerful, but other than that, you were useless."
Mel Mel "............"
After Dull's surrender, Mel Mel is brought to Derek's camp.
She glares at Derek with a pouty face.
Derek "The stories of halflings' resiliency are greater than expected. The night after having your hymen torn by a troll, you can already make such a face."
Mel Mel "Umm, I'm not okay! Even now, my crotch really hurts!"
Derek "For you to be done with just that as a downside, it really merits praise."
Mel Mel "I'm not happy at all! It's nothing something to be praised about!"
Mel Mel continues to pout and looks away.
However, she sneaks a peak at Derek and timidly asks him a question.
Mel Mel "The other girls... what is happening to them?"
Derek "Are you concerned?"
Mel Mel "I-It's just... it was my fault we lost..."
Mel Mel bites her lip anxiously, hanging her head.
When she thinks of her allies being raped by trolls like she was, her heart hurts.
Derek "You should think that the way the other prisoners will be handled depends upon how you behave."
Mel Mel "Eh...? What do you mean...?"
Derek "If you listen calmly to what we say without doing anything stupid, we'll more or less overlook the other halflings."
Derek says that and lightly raises his hand.
Receiving the signal, a soldier raises the flap to the tent.
A smiling man enters.
Cale Gale "Wow, Lord Derek, as I said earlier, you're doing a great job."
Mel Mel "What!? Cale Gale!? Why is he here!?"
Cale Gale "Long time no see, Mel Mel. Has it been since you directly told me that I was banned from Dull...?"
Mel Mel "I thought I'd never have to see your face again!"
Cale Gale "That's a shame. I have been waiting a long time to see you again like this."
Cale Gale's smile is soft at a glance, but it cannot hide his sadistic pleasure.
His hands tremble in anticipation.
Mel Mel "Why is he here!?"
Cale Gale "That is, of course, because I have purchased the privilege of doing whatever I like with you for one night from General Derek."
Mel Mel "Eh...?"
Cale Gale "It was quite the expense. Artillery and munitions. Of course, a large amount of food as well. All provided to General Derek at a low price."
Cale Gale "But because I could have you once you were defeated, it was actually quite the bargain for me, hahahahaha..."
Cale Gale cannot stop himself from laughing, and Mel Mel finally realizes the cause of her defeat.
She thought the Service Nation would struggle to supply their army at such a long distance. She wasn't wrong.
But Cale Gale made up for it.
Mel Mel "You!!"
Mel Mel is taken by her anger and tries to pounce at Cale Gale.
However, a soldier on standby quickly pulls the two apart.
Mel Mel "Let go of me! Let go! I will punish him for what he has done!!"
Cale Gale "That's rude. Firstly, you understand where you stand, don't you? You were bought by me, yes...?"
Mel Mel "Khh...!?"
His reptilian smile causes her to get goosebumps.
Her body trembles at the bad omen she feels.
Cale Gale begins to speak to her like she is a child.
Cale Gale "Do you know how much I've suffered because of you? For a merchant, a coin is the same as a drop of blood..."
Mel Mel "You're the one who tried to sell something against the merchant's code!"
The merchant's code that Mel Mel is talking about is selling items that have been forbidden by different guilds.
Cale Gale dipped his hands into selling trade secrets and people.
Cale Gale "Don't make excuses! Well, you arrogant brat, I'll teach you how harsh the adult world is."
Cale Gale smacks Mel Mel for talking back to her.
Normally, his smile shows no harm, but it now twists with excitement.
Mel Mel gulps and tries to turn her head away, looking up at Derek.
Mel Mel "Umm... Well? I think you're serious... but could it be that what you said earlier..."
Derek "Yes, being with him would qualify. Make him happy."
Mel Mel "No, just wait for a second! I hate this way more than being with a troll!"
Derek "Your virginity isn't going to be stolen, so isn't it much more preferable?"
Mel Mel "T-That's not the problem!!!"
Mel Mel waves both of her hands and screams.
But her desperate protests don't take with anybody.
Cale Gale grabs her slender hands.
When she looks up, she sees Cale Gale's sadistic smile.
Cale Gale "Then shall we speak in my tent? Yes, the two of us can spend a lot of time together...!"
Mel Mel "No, hey! I said let me go! It hurts! Hey, let go!!"
Mel Mel tries to tear her arm away from Cale Gale, but even though halflings are known for their strength, Mel Mel cannot escape from Cale Gale's arms.
In the end, Mel Mel is dragged along by Cale Gale to his tent.
#02_in013h_mel02
Mel Mel "Kyahhh...!? Hey, what are you doing all of a sudden!?"
She is tossed onto a carpet inside his tent. Her clothes are torn off in an instant, and her ass is pulled up.
Her crotch is exposed, revealing her shame. Mel Mel shouts out in anger at the violent way she is treated.
Cale Gale "Hey, do you think it's okay to be that rebellious?"
Mel Mel "Hey! Don't touch me, you pervert!"
Cale Gale handles her white ass as though he were handling a treasure.
Mel Mel's skin crawls with disgust, and she bellows in rage, but he continues caressing her ass with a smile plastered on his face.
She wants to kick him in his gross face, but when she thinks of her captured allies, she can't do that.
Mel Mel "Uhhhh, didn't I tell you not to touch me!? How about trying to listen to what I have to say!?"
Cale Gale "Hey, you still seem to not know the proper way to speak."
Cale Gale doesn't stop caressing her ass, knowing that all she can do is scream and cry.
The movement of his hands could be called delicate, but Mel Mel can only feel horror at it.
Cale Gale's smile deepens as Mel Mel shakes her ass to knock his hand away.
Cale Gale "Even though I told you your rebellious attitude is no good, it doesn't seem I can communicate that to you through words alone, huh?"
Cale Gale is almost saying he can't help but smile. He raises his hand to smack her ass.
Bang!!")
Mel Mel "Kyannnghhh!?"
Suddenly, a sharp force hits her ass.
Pain and heat spread across her ass a little after.
Mel Mel "Huh...? Eh...? Why...?"
Mel Mel's eyes open wide at the sudden action.
Her ass stings with pain, so she knows that she's been spanked.
But she doesn't understand why.
Mel Mel "W-Why...? Did you hit my ass...?"
Cale Gale "Hahh, hahahahah, you don't get words, so all I can do is hit your body? Kffffff... Then once again...!"
Mel Mel "Khh!"
Cale Gale slowly lifts his hand again.
Bang! Bang!")
Mel Mel "Kyangh!? Kyanghh!?"
Cale Gale's hand cuts through the air, striking Mel Mel's ass again.
Along with the loud noise, his handprint is reflected in red on her ass.
Her ass feels hot and aching from the palm of his hand.
Cale Gale "Hahah, hahahahaha, you're a cheeky brat. Won't you moan cutely for me!?"
Mel Mel "Khh...!"
Mel Mel's rage reaches bewildering heights at Cale Gale's triumphant laughter.
Mel Mel "W-What are you doing!? Why do you have to smack my ass!?"
Cale Gale "Mel Mel... are you trying to say that you've forgotten what you've done?"
Mel Mel "Y-You're just spiteful, isn't that it!!?"
Cale Gale didn't just sell banned goods. He would buy from people in trouble at a low price, flipping it for a higher price than was necessary.
It would be correct to say that it is a good way to make a profit. But it is truly immoral.
Mel Mel's fighting spirit heats up.
Mel Mel "Anyways, you want to do obscene things to me, right!? Then, how about you just hurry up!?"
Cale Gale "Geez... You think you're really smart, don't you?"
Cale Gale sighs in an exaggerated manner, shaking his head.
The hand she had previously shaken off once again crawls across her ass, tickling her skin with its nails.
Mel Mel "Hey!"
Cale Gale "I will fuck you and smack your ass to make your body understand that I can do whatever I want to you!"
Cale Gale laughs in sadistic pleasure. He winds up his hand again.
Bang! Bang! Bang!!")
Mel Mel "Kyahhhh!? Kyahhhhhh! Kyahhhhhhhhhhh!!"
His merciless belting slams against Mel Mel's childlike butt.
Her back bends backward and she screams as his intense spanking shakes even her pelvis.
Her slapped ass stings with heat.
Mel Mel "Hahh... uh... ghhhhhhhh!"
Cale Gale "Hahaha... You realize things a bit more now, right, Mel Mel?"
Her ass is swollen and red. He rubs his hand around it.
However, due to the pain, she can hardly feel that he's touching her.
Mel Mel scolds herself inside as she cries from the pain.
Mel Mel (Khh... Why am I crying over just this!? If I cry, it's just going to make him happy...!)
Cale Gale "Well, even if you cry and apologize now, it's too late!"
Mel Mel guesses that Cale Gale is winding up his hand again, and she grits her teeth to prepare for the oncoming pain.
Bang! Bang! Bang!")
Mel Mel "Hghhh! Nghhh... mmmmm!"
Cale Gale "Oh...? I see..."
Bang! Bang! Bang!")
Mel Mel "Ngh! Ghhhh! Ngh, nghhhhh!"
Mel Mel uses all of her strength and stops her body from jumping due to the pain of having her ass beat.
The repeated spankings make her ass redder and redder. The hot pain burns intensely. She grinds her teeth harder to endure it.
Mel Mel "Kffff, nghh, hghhh..."
Gasps escape through her gritted teeth as Cale Gale throughs a disgusting smile back at her.
Cale Gale thinks that Mel Mel's anger is being stimulated, but he just smiles more deeply.
Cale Gale "Haha, hahahah, hahahahahahah! Good!"
Mel Mel "Eh...?"
Cale Gale "I will break your insistent thoughts that you won't lose and you're not wrong!!"
Bang!!")
Mel Mel "Ngmmmffff!? Nghhhh... kfnghhh, nghhh, hmmm, nghhhh, bahhhh...!"
The pain of having her ass smacked goes straight to her head.
Her whole body goes stiff from the pain, and she spasms.
But Mel Mel stifles her screams.
Cale Gale once again mercilessly spanks her.
Bang! Bang! Bang!!")
Mel Mel "Hgmnghhh!? Ngffff! Gfnghhh!!"
The pain of having her ass smacked causes her back to shake and her nerves to burn.
Her vision blinks in and out. Drool spills out from around her gritted teeth.
She feels her ass swell to several sizes greater than its normal size. It's like a nail is being driven into her body with each breath.
Mel Mel clenches her fists so hard that blood oozes from them, and she continues to endure the pain.
Cale Gale "Hahh, hahh, hahh... hahahahaha, good, Mel Mel... giving in here just ruins the fun!"
Cale Gale shouts with an excited face as he wipes the sweat from his brow.
Mel Mel "Hahh, hah, nghh, hahh... kfff, nghhh, hhh... nghhh, hahh, hahhh, hahh... What's the matter? Does that mean... it's already over...?"
The intense pain causes sweat to drip from her as she stares up provocatively at Cale Gale.
Cale Gale looks down at Mel Mel with merciful eyes and nods.
Cale Gale "Yes... I think this is a more suitable way to make you realize."
Mel Mel "Eh...?"
Cale Gale stretches his hands to his own groin.
Mel Mel "Hyahhh!? No, hey, what!?"
Cale Gale pulls his erect cock from his pants.
Mel Mel forgets her pain and moans in surprise.
The head of his cock is bulging, and the entirety of his thick shaft pulsates.
Mel Mel "W-Why...? Why has it gotten like that!?"
Cale Gale "When I think about getting my revenge on you, my cock gets so erect it can reach the heavens!"
Mel Mel "Hhhhh...!?"
His cock is hot and hard. It presses against her slit.
The surprising heat from his cock as it rubs against the lips of her pussy causes her hips to bounce.
Mel Mel "No, no... It's gross!"
Cale Gale "Yes, good... Please act more afraid just like that."
Mel Mel "Hhh, ngh, nghh... nghhh, uhhh, I'm not afraid...!"
She stops her whining at his mocking words.
Cale Gale's hand presses hard on her hips.
His cock burns hotter and climbs higher.
Cale Gale "Well... you will regret your arrogance up until now!!"
Shlllllk! Shllllk, shlllk! Shlllllk, shllllllllk!!")
Mel Mel "Hghhhhhhh! Ugh! Ughhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
The pain is like her flesh is tearing. It reverberates throughout her body.
Her pussy was damaged by the troll's huge cock during the day, but it is once again being fucked this time by Cale Gale's cock, causing blood to flow.
Mel Mel (I-It hurts...!! It's like when my virginity was taken... Ghhhhh! What's this...? Why does it hurt this much!?)
She feels a hot pain in her crotch from his scorching hot rod being plunged into her. She curls her body as she desperately tries to endure.
Of course, the troll's cock had a greater sense of foreignness and pressure.
However, the heat and hardness of Cale Gale's cock compete with the troll's.
Mel Mel "Hghhh, hahh, khnghhh... nghhhhh!"
Cale Gale "Hahahahahah! Finally, Mel Mel! Aren't you trembling from having my cock plunged into you, brat!!"
Mel Mel "Ghh... aghhhh...! Nghhhhhhhh!"
Blood oozes from the damaged walls of her pussy, and his cock twists bit by bit deeper into her hole.
It's like a hole is being dug in her crotch.
Mel Mel endures her increasing desire to cry, and she tightens her grip greatly.
Mel Mel (Uhhhhh... unghhh! It doesn't hurt. T-This is fine! It hurts far more... when I drop my wallet!)
Cale Gale "Well, time to fuck you as deep as I can!"
Mel Mel "Nghhhhhhh!!"
The heavy force rushes deep inside of her.
The hardest part of his dick is the tip. It invades so deep inside of her that it pushes upon her womb, deforming it.
Mel Mel "Aghhh, gffff... aghhhhhhh...!!"
Cale Gale "Hahahahaha... Are you still struggling? Good! I like it better that way!"
Mel Mel "Khh...!?"
Mel Mel is taken aback by Cale Gale's excited voice.
At that time, Cale Gale once again pulls his hand back like earlier.
Bang!!!")
Mel Mel "Kyahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
The pain of having her dry pussy fucked takes all of her strength to endure. She has nothing left to deal with the intense strikes against her ass.
The hot force is communicated to her pussy, full of cock.
She pants in pain as her wounded pussy contracts. His cock rubs aggressively against these damaged walls. She once again feels a new hot pain burning there.
Mel Mel "Kyahhhhhh!? Kyah, kyahhhh, it hurts! It hurts!!"
Cale Gale "Hahahahah, what nice moans! I wanted to hear you groan like that!"
Mel Mel "Hahhh, hahh... kffff! Hahh, hahhh, nghhh, hahhhhh!!"
Cale Gale once again cheers, and she grits her teeth as hard as she can to endure the pain.
Cale Gale "Hey, are you enduring again? Well, that's fine. I'll make you realize how powerless you are, though!"
Cale Gale spreads his knees adjusting his posture before slowly pulling his hips back.
While doing that, he pulls his right hand back again.
Bang!!")
Mel Mel "Hghhhhhhh!!"
Bang!!")
Mel Mel "Nghhhhhh!!"
Bang!!")
Mel Mel "Ghhhhhhhhhh!!"
In concert with his deep thrusts, he repeatedly smacks her ass with her palm.
Mel Mel is plowed while her ass is smacked. Her face is drenched in sweat, tears, and mucus as she somehow continues to stop herself from moaning.
Mel Mel (Hahhh, nghhh...! I definitely won't lose... to a guy... like him!)
Cale Gale "Here's another!!"
Bang!!")
Mel Mel "Mmmmmmmm!!"
The head of his cock striking her womb and the palm of his hand striking her ass causes her so much pain that she sees stars.
She thinks that screaming might help with the pain, but she just grits her teeth and takes it.
The walls of her pussy once again constrict, choking around Cale Gale's cock.
Cale Gale "Hahahahah, your cunt is squeezing tight around my cock each time I slap your ass! You're the kind of pervert that likes getting her ass smacked, huh!?"
Mel Mel "Kffff, nghhh...! How could you think that!?"
Bang!!")
Mel Mel "Ghhhhhhhhh!!"
Her ass is struck with immense force, and her whole body spasms in pain as though electricity is running through her.
Her pussy constricts because of that. When his cock plunges into her pussy, her crotch feels like it's on fire.
Mel Mel "Hghhhh! Gffffffff!! Ah, ah, aghhhhh... ungh, nghhhh! I-It's hot... Mm, mghhhhh!"
Mel Mel grits her teeth, desperate to stifle the cries that are slipping out.
Cale Gale gets more and more excited seeing Mel Mel.
Cale Gale "Hahahahahah! This is a new discovery! I make you excited every time that I smack your ass!"
Bang!!")
Mel Mel "Hghhh! Haghhh, hahhhhhh!"
The speed of his spanking and pounding steadily increases.
The intense pain passes what her brain can take. It begins to transform into some other sensation.
Her body feels light and floaty, but the head filling her crotch is overwhelming as usual.
Mel Mel "Ahhhh, ahhh, hhhh... uhhhh, uh, my pussy... hhhh, ahhhh, is hot!"
Mel Mel "Ughhhhhh, i-it's burning! It's like your cock is starting a fire in my pussy!"
The walls of her pussy begin to secrete juices to protect her body from the intense pounding.
The juices make wet noises to the rough rhythm of Cale Gale's pounding. And again Cale Gale's pounding hastens due to the slipperiness of her juices.
Skewered with cock, her whole body shakes, and her vision gets blurry.
She stops gritting her teeth and a gasp escapes from her lips.
Mel Mel "Ahhhhh, i-it's hot! Hahhh, ahhhh, ahhhh! Ahhhhhhh...!!"
Cale Gale "Hahahahahah, I'm already at my limit! Good! Here's the finishing blow!"
Cale Gale winds up his hand as he also tries to endure the intense pleasure his cock is experiencing.
Bang!!")
Splllllrrrrt, bshhhh! Bshhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Hahhhhhh!? Hahh, hhhhh!? Hahhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"
Cale Gale's cock fires its load while still balls deep inside Mel Mel. He strikes her ass at the same time.
Mel Mel's eyes open wide while chaotic screams escape from her lips as she is hit by the force both inside and outside of her body.
Mel Mel "Hyahhhhh... This can't be!!? You're cumming inside of me... It's so hoooooooot!!"
Mel Mel screams as her back arches intensely.
Piss gushes forcefully from her crotch.
Cale Gale "Hahahahahah! Mel Mel, you're pissing! Hahahahahahahahahah!!"
Bang! Bang! Bang!!")
Mel Mel "Hghhhh! Ahhh, it's... hot! Hoooooooot!!"
He smacks her ass more and more as he continues to cum in her longer and longer.
In the end, he covers Mel Mel's body, sticking his dick balls deep inside of her as he unleashes an explosive load into her.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Gshhh, gshhhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"
Mel Mel's womb is burning up from the heat of his cum. She howls and screams over it.
Mel Mel "Ah... ahhhh, hahh, hhh... hahhh... hhhh... ahhhhh... ahhhhhhhh..."
Mel Mel's body is completely drained of power as she moans and spasms.
Cum bubbles up and drips out from around Cale Gale's cock and Mel Mel's pussy.
Cale Gale "Hahahahaha... How was that? Your stupid arrogance has been replaced with a realization, yes?"
Mel Mel "Piece of shit, uhhhh... kffff... nghhh, uhhh..."
Her red and swollen ass is caressed in a strangely gentle manner.
But her senses are already hazy, and she lacks the ability to push away his hand even if she could feel it clearly.
............
......
...
#02_in014
The capital of the United Mercantile States of Dull is conquered and the rest of the nation gives a full surrender.
Three of four of the major powers of the Holy Alliance's nations have already fallen at the hands of the Service Nation.
Dull had ample amounts of money and military power. The news of their defeat shocked every country.
As a result, the small countries in the Service Nation's way swear their allegiances to the Service Nation without fighting.
Lucaon "Good work, Master. How was the empress?"
Derek has returned to the front line after he went to give his report on the battle to Ladomira.
Derek snorts lightly at Lucaon's welcome.
Derek "That woman hasn't changed at all."
Lucaon "Well, I guess that's no surprise."
The capital was celebratory over the repeated victories.
Ladomira was also satisfied with the men that Derek selected and sent from the countries he subjugated.
Despite that, she still urges him to send more men. Such a thing is typical.
Derek "Raymond said that Ladomira seems a little bored and dissatisfied."
Lucaon "Bored? Even though she's fucking every day?"
Derek "A lot of the people who had faith in Ladomira died when the Holy Alliance attacked."
Lucaon nods with an understanding face at Derek's smile.
Many of the soldiers that obtained high positions by flirting with Ladomira lost their lives in the previous war.
As a result, Ladomira has lost many of her playthings.
Lucaon "So, has she been hunting for men in the city?"
Derek "Yes, but that's a good result."
According to what Raymond said, the residents of the capital are getting fed up with Ladomira's forceful collection of the people.
Derek has supplied men from other countries, giving the residents a reprieve from the burden of her collection.
Ladomira's reputation has lowered, and Derek's has risen.
Of course, there are rumors about that, but things seem to be going better than he thought.
Lucaon "Then, we ought to just keep winning."
Lucaon nods with understanding.
One of the soldiers standing on guard outside of the tent... to communicate that somebody has returned.
Derek nods in satisfaction at things going as planned and orders for them to be brought in.
Luka "Commander, I've returned."
After being away from the regiment for a long time, Luka salutes with an austere demeanor.
A torch lights up the area behind her. There is a brown, beautiful woman giving off an alluring aura standing there.
Seeing this brown woman, Lucaon licks his lips.
Derek "Are you Mistiora? I see. When I look at you close up, I realize your beauty again."
Mistiora "You are my new master then?"
Mistiora's mouth is covered by a veil. She walks slowly up to Derek.
The way her feet and hips move seems to invite a man's eyes.
Mistiora "Your name is Derek? When I visited the Service Nation, you were there as well, yes?"
Mistiora's voice carries some level of conceitedness to it. Her smile is alluring, but she's hardly flirtatious at all.
Luka's eyebrows jump at Mistiora's actions.
Luka goes to speak, but before she can, Mistiora speaks in an admonishing tone.
Mistiora "Be at ease. I will use my body for any man."
Mistiora "You also desire to use me, yes?"
Derek "Yes, that's right. You will obey my orders from now on."
Derek smiles in response to Mistiora's alluring smile.
Mistiora is the legendary whore. No matter how much money one saves, one cannot sleep with her.
Derek intends to make her work as a whore for him. Any man would through all of their assets to have a night with her.
There is no doubt that Mistiora is best fitted for the Service Nation.
Lucaon has not been able to stop himself from being obviously interested in Mistiora since earlier.
Derek "Lucaon, leave for a moment."
Lucaon "Eh...? Y-Yes... understood."
Lucaon leaves the tent slightly dissatisfied, but before he's gone, he turns to Mistiora one last time.
Mistiora "What's the matter? Don't you intend to send everybody away and sleep with me?"
Luka "You are being too rude to the Commander. You're just a whore."
Mistiora speaks seductively while Derek gazes at her. Luka is irritated with this, giving Mistiora a warning glance.
Mistiora just smiles without apologizing to Luka.
It's as though she is saying that Derek is the one in charge.
Luka looks at Derek, asking him to say something with her eyes.
Derek "I mean you are here. I should give the merchandise a taste. Luka, you join in too."
Luka "Ah, yes..."
Luka looks surprised as though she didn't expect him to say that, but she immediately nods.
Mistiora looks at Luka, and then at Derek.
Mistiora "Are you saying that you're going to sleep with me and that girl?"
Derek "Are you dissatisfied about something?"
Mistiora "No, I won't complain no matter how you'd like it."
Derek "Then be quiet and obey. I am your master. You understand that, right?"
Mistiora "Very well."
Mistiora nods slightly.
Her eyes are filled with resignation and perhaps a bit of scorn.
Derek doesn't mind that. He just directs the two to lie down.
#02_in015h_har02
Derek "However, a dark elf and a half-elf? I can't see any difference between you two, but what about the cunts?"
Luka and Mistiora lay atop a simple bed with their crotches exposed to sleep with Derek.
He looks down at the two of them, their pussies laying atop one another, and smiles.
Luka "I'm certainly a half-elf, but I will never lose to a pure-blooded dark elf..."
Luka twists her hips to appeal to Derek.
Her body is sweaty, and even though nothing has been done to her exposed crotch, it glistens with juices.
Derek "That's because the one who trained you as a whore is me."
Luka "Ah, yes... thank you, Commander..."
Luka's voice trembles slightly as she speaks. She shakes her brown ass, begging for attention.
Strings of juices are pulled while juices drip from Mistiora's crotch.
Mistiora "She appears well disciplined."
Derek "You'll be the same soon enough."
Luka "Hghhh...! Nahhhhh...!"
Mistiora "Ngh... hahh, hahh..."
Derek thrusts the tip of his dick between Luka and Mistiora's pussies.
Luka's labia part on their own to pleasure Derek's cock. Even without penetrating her, the heat deep inside of her grows hotter and hotter.
Mistiora's pussy still isn't wet enough, but her pussy's heat and softness are communicated to the underside of Derek's dick.
A dark elf and a half-elf... Derek's cock gets even harder from tasting the differences between them.
Luka "Ahhh, hahhh, your cock... Commander... is so big..."
Luka enjoys the sensation of his giant cock, causing her crotch to pull on it.
Juices don't stop pouring out of her. Her labia persistently rub on her master's cock, asking to be penetrated.
In an instant, his giant cock is soaked in Luka's juices.
Derek moves his hips back and forth to check the sensation of their pussies sandwiched on him.
Mistiora "Khhh, nghh, ah, ahhh... nghh, ahhh..."
Provocative moans slip out from Mistiora's mouth as her labia is rubbed with hot cock.
When Derek moves slowly back and forth, wet noises ring out.
It's not just due to Luka but also juices from deep within Mistiora's pussy wet Derek's dick.
Their burning labia are spread open by his cock, exposing the meat within their slits.
Wet noises are made by the juice-soaked flaps of their pussies, sucking on Derek's cock.
Derek "It seems to be getting wetter easier than I thought. Or is this part of why you're called the legendary whore?"
Mistiora "Hahh, hahh... Well... nghhh, I didn't call myself that... Hahh, ngh, ahhh..."
While answering, Mistiora's hips move in concert with Derek's.
Her folds are steadily getting hotter and wetter. It is all felt by Derek's cock.
It cannot be distinguished whose juices are causing the wet noises to be made.
Derek "You seem prepared, Mistiora. Then, how about I compare you two more directly?"
After Derek speaks, he presses the tip of his cock into Mistiora's pussy, Luka's pussy resting just above it.
Mistiora "Nghh... kfffff! Nghhhh, nghhhhh...!"
Penetrated by Derek's huge cock, Mistiora groans, her eyebrows knitted in pain.
Derek is filled with admiration for Mistiora.
No matter how much it is said that she's started getting wet, Derek forcibly plunges his huge cock into her with no foreplay.
Regardless of that, Mistiora's pussy takes Derek's thick erection.
Mistiora "Hahh... nghhh, hahh, uhhh... This is really... uhhhh, different than what I've had before, nghhh, hahhh..."
The wrinkle between Mistiora's eyebrows deepens, and her body twists.
But her pussy squeezes even tighter around Derek's cock.
Her vulva squeezes so tight it hurts. The inside of her vagina is also getting hotter and wetter.
The walls of her pussy grip around the foreign object as though they were waiting for it. The walls move rhythmically along it.
Even though she's just being penetrated, a sweet ache wells up inside of her.
Derek "I see, this is the cunt of the legendary dark elf whore. This is how you have led men to war."
Mistiora "Hahh, nghhh... Thank you for the praise, kfff... Are you telling me this is the height of pleasure...? Hahhh, kffff, hhh... nghhh!"
While balls deep into Mistiora, Derek slowly moves his hips in a figure-eight motion, enjoying the sensation of the walls clinging to his cock.
The numerous folds of her pussy cling and suck on his cock as though chasing after it.
Her hot, undulating walls remain clung to his cock as the large, swollen head pushes as deep as it can go.
Mistiora's breathing is halted as her uterus is pushed on.
Wet sounds echo out, and her juices bubble out.
Luka "Hahhh... nghhh, ahhhh..."
Luka's hips tremble as though hit by those lewd noises.
Huge drops of her juices are pushed out of her unfucked pussy.
Luka "C-Commander... umm..."
Derek "You stay like that and push down on Mistiora."
Mistiora "Kfff... hahhh... nghhhhhh! Kahhhh, hahh, hahhh... hahhh!"
He slowly pulls his hips back, and his cock pushes through her pussy's walls.
A powerful force hits Mistiora's organs.
Mistiora "Ughhhh, hahh... nghhh, hahh...! This is... Ughhh, kfff, hnn, nghhh!"
Mistiora groans powerfully.
But it's not a pleased voice. It's just a natural reaction from the pressure.
Her pussy squeezes even tighter to prepare for the real pounding to come.
Moreover, the walls of her pussy are so hot and soft, so it isn't a painful tightness like with a virgin.
The walls of her pussy practically suck on his cock.
Derek "Do all dark elves have this amazing of cunts?"
Mistiora "Ngh! Nghhhh! Uhh, hahh...! I don't know about that... Ahh, but I... I, aughh, kfnghhh!"
Derek "I want to check other dark elves then."
Mistiora "Kffffff... nahhhhh! Ah, ahhhh... nghhhh!"
Mistiora's whole pussy is fucked by Derek's huge cock, thrusting up into her womb.
Mistiora cocks her head back and lets out a big gasp.
The big movements cause his cock to repeatedly pound into her cervix.
Every time it rests against her cervix, Mistiora groans in pain and grips hard on the sheets.
Her cheeks go flush, and sweat jumps from her brown skin. Her pussy is wet with hot juices. The walls of her pussy squeeze on Derek's cock.
But Derek feels no resistance like when raping a woman.
Mistiora's reaction is nothing more than a reflex.
The sexual pleasure doesn't reach her heart.
Derek (There might... be something to this woman.)
Mistiora's body gets hot and excited as Derek's heart cools.
There is something with this beautiful whore.
Something preventing Mistiora from being dyed in the colors of pleasure.
Derek (Good. When this war is finished, I'll spend time to fuck her slowly. Now...)
Mistiora "Ngh...! Hahh, khh, khhh...!"
Derek puts strength into his groin, skillfully thrusting his cock into Mistiora's overly cramped pussy.
Pained groans come from Mistiora's mouth as her cervix is rubbed.
Derek looks down at Mistiora. He smiles and pulls his hips far back.
Mistiora closes her eyes to endure the coming blow even if only slightly.
But Derek just pulls his cock out.
Luka "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Pshhhhh, pshhhh! Pshhhhhhhh!")
He thrusts his cock into Luka's pussy after pulling it out of Mistiora.
The cock she has been waiting for plunges as deep as it can go in one push. Her back arches, juices shooting out of her in an intense climax.
The overwhelming pleasure is like a tsunami. It makes her whole body tremble as she screams with delight.
Luka "Nghhhhhh, yes! Ahhhhhh! Ah, ahhhh, y-yes! Commander, your cock----ah, ahhhh!"
Luka "It's making me cum! Oh, ohhhhh...! I'm orgasming...! Ahhhh, I'm cumming!"
Huge spasms attack Luka's body all the way down to her pussy.
Perhaps because she's felt teased, there is intense heat in her pussy from her frothing juices.
Her vulva squeezes tight. It bites into his cock as though saying she won't let go.
Derek "My intention was to enjoy the comparison, but what am I to do with you if you cum this easily?"
Pshhhh!!")
Luka "Hanghhhhh! Hhh, hhh, aughhh!"
Through laughter, he pounds Luka while smacking her ass.
Luka's body stiffens at the pain. Her pussy squeezes all the harder on his cock.
But there is clear and deep lust in Luka's eyes as she looks up at Derek.
Luka "Nahhhh, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'll, nghhh... endure...! Ahhhh, ahhhhhhhhh...!"
Luka's ass is smacked, and her pleasure and excitement reach another level. She raises her ass higher, asking for it to be smacked.
Derek "In that case, try to make me enjoy it more."
Bang!")
Luka "Hahhhh!? Ahhh, incredible! Yes, ahhh! Hahh, ah, hahhhhhh!"
Derek increases the intensity of his pounding along with his spanking. Luka screams loudly as she is immediately brought back to the orgasmic feeling.
She is completely covering Mistiora, supporting herself on Mistiora's body. She lifts her ass to welcome Derek's cock.
Luka "Ahhhhh, nah, ahhhh, thank you, hnn, Commander...! Oh, nghhhh!"
Luka "Ah, ah, ahhhhh! There! There! It's reaching as deep as it can... Ahhhhhhhh!!"
After Luka's pussy is plunged into, when her cervix is kneaded, an intensely strong pleasure flows through Luka.
Mistiora's squirming meat folds have more suction than Luka's.
But Luka's pussy is much more constrictive as it devours his cock passionately.
Derek "Is your cunt like this because you're a half-elf? Or is it because of my training? It's hard to determine."
Luka "Nahhhh, ahhh, it's you...! Ahhhh, it's because of you, Commander... Nahhh, ah, ahhh, y-you're so deep inside of me...!!"
Luka bends her back from the pleasure of being thrust into, panting in pleasure.
Derek grabs Luka's hair and looks down at Mistiora's face.
Derek "Thinking about that, show me how you won't lose to a pure-blooded dark elf."
Luka "Kahhhhhh... hnnn, nahhh, ah, ahhh, yes... yes! Nghh, kfffffff!"
Luka shows some degree of hesitance. Derek takes the rock-hard head of his dick and forcefully shoves it the entire length of her vagina in a single stroke.
Her folds are so hot they feel like they're burning. Luka's whole body shrinks back, and she moans.
As she drowns in the pleasure, Luka puts all of her strength into her crotch, squeezing her vagina. The rough rhythm of his cock fills her entire pussy.
Luka "Nghhhhhh! Hahhh, ah, ahhh, hghhh...! Khhh, oh, ohhhhhhhhh...!"
However, her cervix is slammed into once again, and Luka's body stretches as her body writhes.
The overly intense pleasure makes her pussy constrict powerfully. However, she can't stop Derek's movements.
Luka "Oh, ohhhh... Commander...! Nahhh, hahh, ahhh... More... Please use my cunt more!"
His cock pushes deep into her, pushing up not only on her uterus but on her other organs as well.
Luka trembles from the pleasure as her pussy continues to squeeze tight.
Juices shoot powerfully out around his cock, dripping down to Mistiora's crotch.
Derek "Well, next is your turn. Won't you show me more?"
Mistiora "Nghhhhhhhhh...!!?"
Luka "Ahhhhh... Commander... Uhhhh..."
After getting so hot from being enveloped in Luka's pussy that steam comes off of his dick, Derek sticks his dick in Mistiora.
Mistiora groans painfully from the sudden blow.
But her pussy has still hardly decreased in terms of heat or wetness even though she has been ignored for the last while.
More than that, as though waiting for him to come back, the walls of her pussy envelop his cock after her pussy is pushed apart.
Derek "It's cute that you've been waiting."
Mistiora "Hahhh, uh... uh, hahh...! Hahh, ahhh... In that case, I'll let you think that... Hnn, nghhh, kffff... hnnn!"
Derek "Ohhh, won't you say it? In that case, try to do your best."
Mistiora "You don't need to tell me that... Nghhh, kahhh, hahhh... hnn! Ngh, anghhhhh!"
Mistiora twists her hips, and her vulva squeezes tight like Luka, constricting powerfully around Derek's cock.
The walls of her pussy are pushed around by his thick cock. They wrap so tight around him that it is inescapable.
Even her cervix seems to suck on the head of his cock like it's kissing him.
Derek (This feeling is certainly worthy of note.)
It's like her whole pussy is moving to invite his cock in deeper and deeper.
The walls of her pussy are hot and soft while supple and strong.
Derek gives her a real pounding to really savor this immense strength.
Mistiora "Hahhh! Aghhh, ungh... hahhh, aughh, hahh... ahhh, ahhh, hahhhh...!"
Luka "Ahhhh... Commander, somehow do me too... Nghhhh..."
Derek covers Mistiora and Luka as he accelerates his pounding. Luka's body is trembling with desire.
After his inhumanly thick cock was polished by Luka's pussy and hardened, it is now pushing open Mistiora's, penetrating deeper and deeper into her uterus.
Mistiora "Kffff, ughhh, khhhhh! Hnn, nahhh, hahhh... hahhhh! S-So deep... Nghhh, ahhh! This cock is... Kffffff!"
When he plows her deeply, her eyebrows twist in pain, and her thin fingers pull painfully on the sheets.
Her pussy constricts stronger due to Derek's pounding. It pulsates to suck on him more passionately.
Even Derek feels a hot aching pleasure in his loins.
Derek "It's been a long time since I've fucked a girl like you."
Mistiora "Augh, hahh... nghhh, hahh...! Hghhh, ngh, nghhh... kfffff... hnn! It's building up...! Nahhhh!"
Each time Mistiora is thrust into, she moans more and more strength goes to her crotch.
Derek's hips tremble at the pleasant sensation.
Derek "Well, Luka... it's your turn next. Try to pleasure me like this woman."
Luka "Nahhhhh! Ahhh, ahhhhhhh! Ahhhh, Commander, please go ahead and enjoy my cunt...!"
Her pussy constricts more and more as though to say that they won't let go of Derek's cock no matter what.
Derek fucks her even harder to stomp out her constriction.
The walls of her pussy are pushed away by the head of his cock. The blow distorts her uterus.
Luka "Hghhhhh, kahhhhhh! Nahhhh, ah, ahhhh, no, noooooo!?"
Luka "I-If you fuck me like that, I'll orgasm again! Hahhhhhhh, I'm cumming! I-I'm cumming... again all by myself...!"
Derek "In that case, I'll need to give you a little break again."
Mistiora "Hahhh, hnghhh... nahhhh! Ahhh, you have a weak will...! Haghhhh, hnn, ughhh, hahh, hghhhh...!"
After removing his cock from Luka, he thrusts it into Mistiora's cervix, causing her back to arch.
Her cervix swallows up the head of his cock like she was sucking it with her own mouth.
All of her vaginal walls undulate wildly, pulling his cock deeper inside. It's like they're urging him to cum quickly.
Derek "However, comparing dark elves and half-elves... that's something I could sell."
It's hard to tell which pussy feels better. If you could line them both up, many men would go broke to try them.
When he looks down as he speaks about that, Mistiora's wet eyes stare back at him.
The unspeakable pleasure sends a chill down Derek's back.
As though hit by an urge, Derek takes his cock from Mistiora and slams it into Luka's pussy.
Luka "Hahhhh!? Ahhhhhhhh! Hahhhh, nah, ahhh, Commander...! Please keep this up...! Just like this!"
Luka's reason is finally pushed to the brink after the constant excitement followed by neglect.
She wants to be chased to orgasm once by his thick and burning cock.
Luka thrusts her ass backward with that desire in mind, begging him to fuck her deeper.
Luka "Nahhhhhh! Commander! Commander! Ah, ahhh, hhhhhh! Please... stick it in deeper and deeper! Ahhh, there!"
Derek's cock is burning hotter even now inside of her pussy. It's also clearly harder.
The head of his cock is as hard as a rock. When it hits her cervix, the force literally shakes her brain.
The orgasmic feeling is already radiating to her fingertips.
Luka's pussy reflexively tights because of how close she is to be pushed over the edge.
However, Derek's cock once again pulls out of Luka's pussy and moves back to Mistiora.
Mistiora "Nghhhh, nghhhh! Hahh... ahhhh, ah, hahh, hahhh, nghhh... hnn!"
Mistiora's pussy again writhes passionately.
When Derek pounds her intensely, her hole tightens hard around his cock, unwilling to let go.
When his cock thrusts into her hole, she is hit with intense pleasure before returning it to him.
Derek "Good... How about we wrap this up soon?"
He says that and then continues alternatingly between fucking both of their holes.
Luka "Hahhhhh! Ahhh, hnghhhhh! Ah, ah, ahhhhh, no...! I'm cumming... Ahhhh, Commander, Commander, I----!"
Mistiora "Ahhhhh... hnn! Ahhh, it's hot... Ah, aghhh, kfffff...! My body... has also gotten so hot... hnnn!"
Luka "Ahhhhhh! Commander, oh, please, please! Keep going like this, ah, ahhhhhhh!"
Mistiora "Ahhhh, i-it's intense... Nghhh, khhhh! Hahhhh, ah, aghhh... gahhhhhh!"
Derek "Alright, I'll cum... You two can both take it."
Derek thrusts between their two sweat-drenched bodies.
Their brown limbs entangle as they stretch around one another.
Derek pulls his cock from Mistiora's amply tight pussy, wedging his cock between their two slits.
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!!")
Luka "Ahhhhhhh!? I'm going to cum!!"
Mistiora "Kahhhhhhh...! Ngh, nghh... kffff, nghhhhhhhhh...!!"
His cock bounces wildly between their slits.
A torrent of hot cum spews from it, and it pelts Luka and Mistiora in not only the abdomen but even their breasts.
Luka "Hahhhhhhhh! Derek! Derek! You cum is----nahhh, aghhhh, kahhhhhhhhh!"
Mistiora "Hahhh, ahhhh, it's hot... Your hot cum... is showering me... Nahhhhhh!"
There is so much cum that their brown skin is dyed white. Luka's vision blinks in and out, and her body is suddenly enveloped in a floating sensation.
Mistiora's hips also tremble, unconsciously rubbing her pussy against Derek's still-pulsating cock.
Derek's body covers both of theirs as he shoves his cock deeper.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhh!!")
Luka "Kahhhhhhh!? Ahhhhh, there's still so much hot cum... There's just so much coming!"
Mistiora "Nghhhh!? Ahhh, ahhh... hnn! Ahhhh... hnnn, kahhh, hahh, hahhhhhhhh!!"
A huge amount of cum erupts forcefully from his erection. The flow of the cum is enough to make their abdomens tremble.
Luka and Mistiora seem to embrace each other as their bodies tremble in orgasmic spasms.
Luka "Ahhhh... nghhh, nahhh, hahhh... Derek... Ahhhh..."
Mistiora "Hahhh, hahh... hahhh, ngh, hahhh..."
Her face exhausted, she looks back at Derek, enchanted.
Below her, Mistiora gasps heavily with her shoulders moving.
Her bangs are frayed, and sweat oozes from her forehead. There is still great beauty in her.
After pulling out his cock, it bounces about.
Derek "I was talking about comparing you, but you were both quite enjoyable."
Luka "Nghh... Then, Derek, next time... shoot your cum directly into my womb... Please enjoy the sensation of my womb as well... Hahh, nghhh... hnnn..."
Mistiora "Hahh, hahh... nghhhh... If you still want me, of course... I will sleep with you."
Luka's body trembles. Perhaps because he fucked her quickly.
Mistiora looks up at Derek with vacant eyes. It looks like she's going to ask him to continue.
But Derek just smacks Luka on the ass and smiles.
Derek "We'll finish here for today. Next time, I'll fuck you so hard that you won't be able to stand."
Luka "Ahhh... nghhh... ahhh, understood..."
Mistiora "Then, I will wait for then..."
Luka's eyes are filled with longing as she looks up at Derek, a smile on her face.
Mistiora's words also show that she doesn't get Derek's intentions, but her words mixed with a sigh tickle his heart.
............
......
...
#02_in016
Several days later...
Lucaon "Master, that dark elf, Mistiora, won't do anything."
Lucaon is scratching roughly at his head as he starts to complain.
One could say that her nickname is well-deserved because many seem to have become infatuated with Mistiora.
There are rumors that some have gotten excited just by walking by Mistiora's tent without even seeing her. People are saying it is due to the curse that has earned her the nickname of the legendary whore.
More than the endless stream of people trying to force their way in and fighting with the guards, the guards themselves are also trying to assault Mistiora, making the situation even worse.
Derek "It's beyond even what they say. However, I'm shocked that she can captivate the hearts of men without them even seeing her. The power of her curse is greater than I imagined."
The curse that Mistiora is afflicted with is actually better for her role as a whore in the Service Nation.
But who in the world and for what reason did they apply such a strong curse to her? That question runs through Derek's mind.
Derek orders Lucaon to look for Nicola.
Lucaon "That is fine, but what do we do now? That woman is inciting the monsters. It won't be a surprise if things turn into a bloodbath."
Derek "I don't mind if the soldiers bleed, but it will be troublesome if Mistiora is injured."
Derek smiles in satisfaction as he says that.
Derek "Right, remove Mistiora from camp and put her under the management of a different unit."
Lucaon "That might work..."
Derek "Let the other unit know that I will personally behead them if anything happens. They'll all take responsibility as a group."
Lucaon "U-Understood. Then, I'll go do as you've ordered right away."
Lucaon leaves the tent more as though to retreat than to follow Derek's orders.
At that time...
Iris is not sitting around twiddling her thumbs as the Service Nation's army conquers Dull.
She tried to send reinforcements, but Eldonia's army continues to block her way.
Eldonia just keeps attacking with no willingness to listen to Iris.
As a result, she couldn't prevent Dull's fall.
Iris "What in the world is the king of Eldonia thinking...?"
Iris stands alone in the temple, sighing slightly.
She's tried to avoid fighting Eldonia and negotiate so that she can hurry to deal with the Service Nation's army, but it hasn't gone well at all.
The one thing that is helping is that in contrast to their stubborn king the soldiers of Eldonia don't have high morale, but that doesn't mean they can keep fighting them like this forever.
Although they're few, they're still losing people, and more importantly, the Service Nation is coming.
They need to prepare for a full-on counterattack against the Service Nation.
Iris "Should I have pushed back at full strength to bring this to an end sooner...?"
Even if she regrets her actions now, there is nothing that can be done, but just given the situation, words of regret slip out of her mouth.
Iris "If we don't reconcile..."
When Iris starts considering that possibility, she hears the sound of clinking armor.
Soldier "Lady Iris! Lady Iris! I-I have something important!"
Iris "What's the matter? Has something happened?"
Iris hides her earlier despair and turns to face the soldier with a calm face.
The flustered soldier speaks in a hectic voice as he gives his report.
Soldier "The Service Nation's army has attacked Eldonia, and they've already taken the capital!"
Iris "W-What!? Is that true!?"
Soldier "There is no mistake. Currently, the Eldonian army at our border has begun to retreat."
Iris "What's that...?"
Iris is just in a daze unable to get a read on things.
The Kingdom of Eldonia should have been allied with the Service Nation given the situation... Despite that, they were crushed by the Service Nation.
She doesn't understand what is happening... She doesn't understand what Derek Rondo is thinking... She cannot get a grasp on the situation.
Earlier...
Derek "I see. There is certainly no liveliness here despite the size of this country."
Derek's smile deepens as he looks out of the Eldonian capital.
Derek continues to march into Eldonian territory.
Of course, they're allied with Eldonia.
But even if not for their alliance, marching into their territory would have been easy.
The king believes that Mistiora was taken from him by the Holy Kingdom, so he should be marching his entire army to the Holy Kingdom.
The military might left in the capital is not enough to stop the Service Nation's army.
Derek "You fought well in these continuous battles! Have some fun before the final battle!"
Derek "Don't hold back! Take what you please! Fuck whoever you please! Kill those that stand in your way without mercy!"
Soldiers "Wooooooooo!!!"
Under Derek's command, the Service Nation's army falls on Eldonia's capital like an avalanche.
The lack of guards makes it a slaughter.
Flames burst all over the capital in no time. The screams of women begin to echo through the streets.
King of Eldonia "Gahhh!?"
The King of Eldonia flies back after being kicked by Derek.
But when he tries to somehow get up to his feet his head is pinned down from above.
He practically oinks like a pig, and his body trembles in pain.
King of Eldonia "W-Why...? Why are you...? I... I allied with the Service Nation... hnn..."
Derek "I have no duty to explain myself to you."
Derek speaks coldly, lifting his leg and releasing the king. He pulls out his sword in its stead...
King of Eldonia "Gyah!!??"
He swings his blade, and the king cries like a slaughtered pig.
But blood spurts from him.
The king himself opens his eyes wide in shock as he finally realizes there is no pain. The tip of Derek's blade stops at the tip of his nose.
Derek shoots him a toothy grin.
Derek "You've been useful to me. I'll let you keep your life. Get lost."
King of Eldonia "I'll make you regret letting me live!!"
The king screams with all of his might as he runs away.
Luka questions Derek as he just watches the king run away.
Luka "Is that okay?"
Derek "He can't do anything. On the off chance he actually tries to take revenge, that'll just be funny."
Derek "More importantly, next is the main task. We need to replenish our supplies. Call Cale Gale."
Luka "Yes, understood."
Luka salutes Derek and leaves the room to do as she has been ordered.
The Kingdom of Eldonia has completely fallen at the hands of the Service Nation and Derek.
Knight "Lady Iris... what should we do?"
The fall of Eldonia is a big problem for the Holy Kingdom. The Service Nation will be spreading into their lands soon.
Even Iris's elites have a look of troubled unease in her eyes.
Iris smiles slightly to ease the hearts of her troubled knights, acting as though she doesn't sense their unease.
Iris "There will be no change in our actions. We will destroy the Service Nation for Lady Seraphina and everybody else. We will bring peace to the world."
Knight "C-Certainly..."
And immediately tightening her expression, she gives orders like she would on a battlefield.
Iris "We will attack the Service Nation with all of our might and wipe them completely from the face of the earth! There will be no change in our plans!"
Knights "Yes!"
The morale having been brought back to their eyes, they salute Iris.
The Holy Kingdom comes and arranges its full force to meet the Service Nation on the field of battle.
Anxious days pass as they wait for the Service Nation...
Iris "............"
Iris walks to the temple.
She slips through the door, and the ruler of the temple immediately shows her face.
After greeting Seraphina, Iris closes her mouth, and her eyes are filled with worry.
Seraphina "Are you worried about something?"
Iris "Ah... No, not to that great degree, but..."
Iris smiles weakly at Seraphina. It's a face she would never show another.
Seraphina bites her lip slightly.
Seraphina "I'm sorry... It is my fault you're in pain..."
Iris "Eh? Ah, no, I've told you that you're wrong. I'm sorry I've shown you my weakness. I'm absolutely fine."
Flustered, Iris apologizes to Seraphina for making her sad.
She looks at Iris quietly through her clear blue eyes.
Embarrassed, Iris turns away and shares her true thoughts.
Iris "Sorry... I'm not really okay. If possible, I want you to tell me something... umm..."
Seraphina "Hahaha..."
Seraphina "Then I was mistaken to have apologized so quickly."
Seraphina "Has something happened...? Will you talk to me about it?"
Seraphina sees her not as a general leading a bunch of brave knights but as her true self.
She is a little embarrassed, but her heart is warmed.
Iris "Yeah..."
Iris smiles slightly and nods before speaking.
The morale of the Holy Kingdom is high. The defensive line is completely formed. But there is something Iris is uneasy about.
The Service Nation is using the Eldonian army as war slaves.
And the pure difference in fighting power puts the Holy Kingdom at a severe disadvantage.
Seraphina "Iris..."
?gSeraphina's hand lightly touches Iris's back."
She feels her pounding heart calm at Seraphina's soft and gentle touch.
Iris "Thank you for listening to me. I feel like we can do it now thanks to this."
Seraphina "If this has been helpful, come again any time."
Iris "Yes... thank you..."
She awkwardly returns Seraphina's smile with one of her own.
Even if not even one of the problems that must be solved has changed, her heart is already at ease.
Iris "It's okay. This country... and you, Sera, I will definitely defend."
Seraphina "Thank you. I also... will protect this country with all of my strength..."
Seraphina is still gazing into Iris's eyes, nodding with her hands united in front of her chest.
Iris knows what she means without Seraphina speaking.
Seraphina's protective powers envelop the Holy Kingdom.
She creates a barrier, using the powers of the Goddess.
Seraphina fills the area with her cleansing power. The power of the Dark Ones is greatly weakened within the Holy Kingdom's territory due to this power.
So at the very least, this battle will be one of military might without the influence of destructive monsters.
This power is without a doubt a great aid to Iris.
Iris "But don't push yourself. I'll also do my best."
While putting her power into the barrier, Seraphina cannot leave this temple. She will just sleep in a bed.
Iris thinks there is no chance of it, but if some malicious actor sneaks into the temple, Seraphina will be unable to protect herself.
But Seraphina smiles gently.
Seraphina "I'll be fine... so be well, Iris..."
Iris "Yeah..."
Iris nods, slightly embarrassed.
She originally took up the sword to protect Seraphina. Those feelings are renewed.
The panic she had originally held in her heart is completely wiped away.
The Holy Kingdom and the Service Nation finally move to their all-out war.
But the Holy Kingdom is certainly not going to be as easy as every other country.
The Holy Kingdom was originally formed as a country of holy knights with the mission of protecting the ancient high elf, Seraphina.
They're more skilled at defense than offense. More than any time now is when they must protect Seraphina. It would not be an overstatement to say that the country was made and has lived for this day.
And now the Holy Kingdom is under the command of the general known as Iris.
Under her command, the Holy Kingdom forms a wall to stand against the persistent advance of the Service Nation's army.
Service Nation Soldier "Die!!!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier "Wahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
The Holy Kingdom acts as one stopping the Service Nation's violent approach.
The first line of soldiers is hit by the force of the Service Nation's army, but they immediately push back, supported by their allies.
Service Nation Commander "Argh! Kill them!!"
Holy Kingdom Commander "Don't fear! Show them the meaning of justice!!"
The Service Nation's army is hungry for blood and reward. In terms of individual strength, they're winning.
But the training and morale are greater for the Holy Kingdom's army. They don't take even a step back at the unending storm of violence. They will not let their enemy step a foot onto their soil.
Luka "We're sending our normal soldiers, but as assumed, they aren't breaking through easily."
Derek "That's because they're the true power of the Holy Alliance."
Derek nods to Luka's report like it were obvious.
Originally, the goal of their many battles was not victory. It was to measure the true strength of the Holy Kingdom when unfettered from their allies.
To that end, their intention is to hit them with a suitable amount of force.
Luka "Lucaon appears to be heading out."
The Service Nation's second battalion is a group of monsters led by Lucaon.
The Holy Kingdom's morale will drop at the sight of the ogres and giant trolls that no ordinary human can raise a blade against.
Derek "Well, time to see what they've got."
Derek smiles as he looks out on the battlefield, anticipating something.
Lucaon "Go! Crush those clever shits!"
Monster Soldiers "Grahhhhhhhh!!"
A howl reverberates through the battlefield.
The soldiers of the Holy Kingdom take a deep breath at the soul-crushing battle cry.
Holy Kingdom Commander "Don't panic! Believe in Lady Iris and Lady Seraphina!!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier "Wooooooooooooo!!"
At the encouragement of their commander, the soldiers show desperate resistance to the inhuman force brought before them.
But the difference in their power is certainly too great.
There are trolls with strength enough to tear giant trees from the ground and swing them and imps with wings that can attack from the skies. An unbelievable battle starts to unfold.
The Holy Kingdom begins to retreat against its might.
Luka "As I thought, sending in the monsters was the right choice. They have tremendous might."
There is clear excitement in Luka's voice.
The Service Nation stabs deeper into the Holy Kingdom's formation, using the overwhelming power of the monsters as a tip to their advance.
The entire army of the Holy Kingdom must retreat because of their mighty force.
It sounds like Lucaon is laughing, confident in his victory. The monsters push deeper and deeper into the enemy's force.
The soldiers nearby feel excitement about the impending victory. Derek just stares at the entire battlefield coldly.
Derek "We've been lured into a trap. Aren't they quite skilled?"
Luka "Eh?"
Luka looks back to Derek, but he doesn't respond as though he were talking to himself.
When Luka returns her eyes to the battlefield, the situation is already changing.
Lucaon "Huh? What? Hey, what are they doing!?"
Orc "Grah... ohhh..."
Suddenly, the orc stands still as though they're out of breath.
It's not just the orcs. The goblins, trolls, and many other monsters all just look exhausted, breathing deeply.
Lucaon "What's the matter!? Why are you exhausted after just that!?"
Even when Lucaon screams at them, they just groan back in pain. Their advance is suddenly halted.
Lucaon "This isn't a joke. We're in the middle of the enemy's army! Fight!!"
The monsters all scream as they are literally kicked back, but their movements are still slowed.
At that time, the ground shakes audibly.
Lucaon "What...!? No, this can't be...!!"
The Holy Kingdom's army should have been driven to retreat. They quickly encircle their enemy.
A cavalry unit wearing matching armor rushes in like the glimmering rays of the sun.
Leading them is a female general with red hair.
Iris "Now is the time to show them our strength!! Charge!!!"
Holy Kingdom Knight "Wooooooooooooooooo!!!"
The knights led by Iris cut the monsters to ribbons in a flurry of slashes.
The bellowing of the monsters shakes the land, and their blood blows on the wind.
Lucaon "Shit! What is going on!?"
The Holy Alliance's cavalry once again prepares to charge, letting out a great battle cry before they do.
The Holy Alliance's calvary once again prepare to charge, letting out a great battle cry before they do.
The cavalry led by Iris look to rush through the Service Nation's army, but they promptly turn around.
Iris "For Lady Seraphina! Attack!!"
Holy Kingdom Knight "For Lady Seraphina!!!"
The knights shout in unison in response to Iris's words.
It's not just the knights. The entire army calls Seraphina's name, preparing to counterattack.
The monsters are slain one after another, and the soldiers of the Service Nation steadily begin to flee.
Lucaon tries to somehow support the collapsing front line even now as he begins to retreat desperately.
Derek "Send reinforcements and support Lucaon."
Luka "Roger!"
Luka takes Derek's order and immediately a legion of soldiers is sent to support the retreating monsters.
The Holy Kingdom's army seems satisfied with chasing the Service Nation from their lands and doesn't pursue them further.
But many monsters are injured, and many have lost their lives.
Luka "What in the world...? Why are they suddenly...?"
Derek "Hmm, isn't that interesting? It's like it's not a war."
In contrast to Luka's bewilderment, Derek's smile deepens.
Derek orders a retreat, and the first day of battle against the Holy Kingdom comes to a close.
That night...
Lucaon "Master, it's strange. The monsters suddenly just stopped."
Luka "The rate of loss doesn't compare to anything else up until now. There are also reports that the time until recovery is going to be slow."
Iris's command is certainly a feat. The monsters failed, and the enemies showed no sign of weakness. Derek can't help but be impressed.
Lucaon and Luka cannot hide their shock over the situation. On the other hand, Derek just nods happily.
His smile makes it look like everything is going as planned.
Luka "Commander, do you know something?"
Derek "There's nothing worth mentioning. But this proves the tales to be true."
The ancient high elf, Seraphina, wields the most powerful bright will in the world.
She is one of the three that inherited the soul of the Goddess. She wields a purifying power that prevents the approach of the Dark Ones.
Derek "In short, the Holy Kingdom is protected by Seraphina's barrier. The rumors that monsters cannot penetrate it seem to be true."
Derek thought that the Holy Kingdom was just being deceptive.
But it is undeniably true.
Derek has seen the proof of it firsthand now.
Lucaon "Seraphina's barrier... Geez, if they have that, you should have told us at the start."
Lucaon finally starts to complain.
Raymond "No, that barrier is no cheap trick!"
Luka "Raymond? Why are you here?"
Suddenly, a bald man barges into the conference room, speaking loudly. It goes without saying that it is Raymond.
Even though he should have remained in the capital, Luka and Lucaon look suspiciously at him, wondering why he is there.
But Raymond doesn't flinch at their gaze and just keeps going on about Seraphina.
Raymond "Lady Seraphina's power is just like God's! It's not that the Dark Ones can't approach. The purifying powers affect them from their foundation! Oh, it's truly magnificent!"
Raymond speaks in an exaggerated manner as he begins to proselytize. Luka and Lucaon make exhausted faces.
Originally, he was a high-ranking priest of great knowledge in the Holy Kingdom. He worshipped Seraphina.
But Raymond heard the voice of a different god at that time. That voice told him to sacrifice the Goddess to him.
Of course, the voice was only heard by Raymond. But for him, that voice is his reality.
He followed that voice and was chased from the Holy Kingdom because of it.
Raymond still follows the voice of his god even now. Luka and Lucaon look at him suspiciously because of that.
But that doesn't mean the knowledge held within him has been corrupted.
If his words are to be believed, Seraphina's power is to chase the darkness away with light. She can eradicate power that originates from Dark Thoughts.
And as predicted, the closer one gets to the Holy Kingdom's capital, the stronger the barrier gets.
Anyhow, the monsters are definitely useless.
Derek "So? You came on such a long journey just to preach to us?"
Raymond "There is that, but I have brought a message from the Empress."
Raymond solemnly pulls out the letter and hands it to Derek.
After Derek glances at its contents, he snorts and discards it.
In a panic, Luka picks it up, and Lucaon looks over at her. And the two of them look at one another's faces and sigh.
To sum it up, the message says to send the next round of men soon. If not, she won't continue to send supplies.
Luka "As usual, our empress is..."
Lucaon "But what shall we do? Even if it's for such a shitty reason, she could easily actually cut off our supplies. We need to do as our empress says."
Derek "I sent men from Eldonia, so we'll just wait a while."
Derek cuts the conversation over quickly.
Lucaon "Hey, Nicola, is there some kind of magic you can use like when we were in Kimia?"
Nicola "M-Mayb----"
Raymond "It is an absurd request! How could a lowly human aid against the power of God!?"
Raymond cuts Nicola off. Lucaon flicks his tongue in irritation at Raymond for doing it.
Nicola gives a wry smile as he nods in agreement with Lucaon.
Luka "Then, in this war with the Holy Kingdom, we won't use monsters."
Lucaon "But without the monsters, we lack the power to fight them."
The Service Nation's army is superior in terms of pure numbers, but when looking at the morale and training, the slave soldiers of the Service Nation cannot fight against the soldiers of the Holy Kingdom.
Derek "............"
Luka "Commander, what should we do?"
Derek's eyes are closed. Everyone's sight gathers on him.
While everyone's holding their breath, Derek finally opens his eyes and smiles.
Derek "Hmph, it would be a waste to not let them play even though we brought them along."
Luka "But with them weakened, they won't be very useful, though..."
Derek "If we don't mess up the way we use them, there should be no problem."
Derek smiles proudly as she answers Luka's words.
Those there all look at each other, communicating their strategies.
Derek "We have to invade the Holy Kingdom. But if we enter the kingdom's territory, it'll be trouble for the monsters to be hit by the barrier's influence."
Derek "There's no power. But we can use them as bait to draw out Iris."
Luka "Bait?"
Derek "Right. We'll use them as bait and draw them out. During that time, we can attack the capital while it is empty. It'll be simple, right?"
Lucaon "It is certainly an easy job if we can do it."
Derek speaks as though nothing is important, but if it is actually that easy, it wouldn't be worth talking about.
But nobody there expresses doubt at Derek's words, and their morale is increased.
Derek "Raymond, you've also come so far. How about you do a job for me?"
Raymond "Yes, of course. As you command."
Raymond prays again to his god and accepts Derek's words.
Everybody gives the corrupt priest the side eye.
But Derek smiles recalling the image of Iris grinding her teeth.
The Service Nation has fallen greatly from their first battle.
The Holy Kingdom doesn't lower their sense of alert as they celebrate their victory in chasing off the first attack.
But the celebration doesn't last long.
The Service Nation avoids another huge battle, and they start plundering the villages surrounding the Holy Kingdom's border.
A storm of atrocities tears through the villages.
All of the young men are conscripted as soldiers. The remaining are just the elderly, women, and children.
They do their best to run away unable to resist the Service Nation's forces.
Corpses fill the streets as the villages are engulfed in flames.
Commander "Alright! Gather the girls in the plaza! You can pick them in order of achievement!"
Soldiers "Woooooooo!"
Commander "Today, General Derek has lent us some comfort women as well! If you like, feel free to use them! Let's have some fun!"
Soldiers "Wooooooooooo!"
The instant after the soldiers take the village, they start their violent orgy.
#02_in017h_har03
Eleonora "Ngh...! Kfff... hmmm... ngh...!"
Kohaku "Hahh... hahh... kfff, ngh, khhhh..."
Astrid "Ngh, hahh... mmm! Hahhhhh...!"
Mel Mel "Ughhhh... hnn! Nghhh, nghhh, nghhh... nahhh, hahh, hahhh, hahhhh... oh, khhhh..."
The chained girls take cocks in their pussies.
The soldiers are drunk on the blood and flames. They fuck the girls more violently than they've ever experienced before.
Astrid "Hahh, hahhh, ughhh, nghhhh! Ah, ahhh, nghhh, nghhh, nahhh!"
The intense pounding as soon as she's been penetrated causes Astrid's voluptuous breasts to bounce wildly.
Painful gasps escape from Astrid's mouth while also groaning in a sensual manner without end.
Of course, that doesn't mean she wants to have done that.
However, after her flesh has been forced to comfort men for so long, Astrid is experiencing unexpected pleasure.
It is something Astrid can't help but regret.
Soldier A "Hehehehehe, isn't your cunt hotter than last time? You like my cock that much, huh?"
Astrid "Nghhh, haghhh, nghhh... hnn! That's, augh... n-not... kfff!"
Soldier A "You aren't that convincing when your cunt is gobbling up my cock that much, you know? Hyahahahah!"
Soldier B "Hahahahaha, truly! Well, bishop, even you seem to be unable to endure how great my cock is, yeah?"
Eleonora "Hahhh, uhhh... hahh, kfff...! P-Please stop it already... This, nghhh, act is absurd, nghhh... hnn!"
His cock is hot enough that she thinks she could be burned by it. It rubs up hard against Eleonora's still-dry pussy.
Eleonora pants from the pain and heat being placed on her loins as she desperately tries to argue with the soldier.
Eleonora "I... ah, ahhh, hghhhh...! Kfff, hahhh... We're having sex, so... hnn!"
Eleonora looks up at the soldier, showing concern for what is happening in the plaza.
All around her, houses are engulfed in flames, and the cinders from these fires rain down ceaselessly.
Families have been killed, and the screams of daughters being raped are audible all around.
Eleonora feels great regret in her heart because she feels like she worked hard to stop this kind of tyranny.
Soldier B "Hahahahaha, is my cock so good that it's made you stupid? This conversation isn't going anywhere!"
Eleonora "Aghhhhhh! Kfff, nghhh, nghhhh... khhh, khhhh, haghhhhh!"
Soldier C "Truly? You ought to just recognize that you're a slut. Hey?"
Kohaku "Your mockery...! Kfff, nghhh... nahhh, hahhh, even if you do whatever, hnnn, you like with my body, I won't... Ahhhhhh!"
Clenching her fist tightly, Kohaku cannot take his deep blows as they shake her womb.
The hair on her tail stands on end to communicate the strength of the force.
Soldier C "Hahahaha, the commander told me that you're a yappy bitch always wagging your tail, but you're pretty brave, huh?"
Kohaku "Hnghhhh... hnnn! Nghhh, nghhh, kahhhh... ah, aghhh... W-Won't, hnn... you let go of my hand...? Ahhh, nghhhhh!"
When the chain attached to her tail is pulled, pleasure shoots through her limbs to the point of making her numb.
Kohaku bites her lip so hard that she bleeds in an attempt to endure the brain-melting sensation occurring inside of her.
Kohaku "Hahh, hghhhh! Aghhhh, mmm, ungh, hnn, nghhh, kfffff... hnnn!"
She tries to suppress the pleasure welling up inside. She curves her arched back.
However, her pussy constricts even more because of it. She clearly feels the friction occurring because of his cock rubbing against her pussy.
Kohaku "Nghhhh, hahhhh, aghhh, khnghhhh... hnnn! Nahhh, hahhh... khhhhh, this heat, hnn, hahhhh... hnn!"
Her narrowed hole is forcefully pushed open by his raging cock. He mercilessly slams as deep as he can into her, bringing pleasure out in her mind.
Each time his dick moves back and forth, a pleasure that resembles fear flows up her spine from her uterus, submerging her senses in it.
Kohaku is desperate to not react to the force hitting her body.
Soldier D "Hey! You cunt's small, so don't be lazy. Use that stupid strength you've got to squeeze your cunt even tighter!"
Mel Mel "Nghhh! Anghhh, hghhhh! Y-You idiot! Don't do whatever you want to people! Nahhhhhh!"
Mel Mel "Y-You're just doing whatever you please...! But y-you're still order----nghhh! You're ordering me too much!"
Soldier D "Ahh? You're asking too much! You bitches are just comfort women! Hey, squeeze tighter!"
Mel Mel "Hhhhh! Nghhh, hghhh, ughhhhh! Nahhh, nghhhhh... T-This is...! You've just got a big cock!"
Soldier D "Cheeky brat! Well, how about this!?"
Mel Mel "Ah, ah, ahhhhh!? There's so... deep...!!"
For a human, his dick would be big, but for a small child-like halfling, Mel Mel's pussy is mercilessly stretched and pushed.
Before her whole body is penetrated, her cervix is slammed into. Mel Mel is covered in goosebumps and sweat as his cock is twisted balls deep into her.
Mel Mel "Hnghhh, nghhhhhhh...! Khhh, hahhh, I'll definitely make you pay for this later, hnn... I'll bill you for this!"
Soldier D "Hnghhh, you've still got energy, yeah? You act so high and mighty. You should cut it out already!"
Soldier E "Well, you're saying wait. They still seem to not understand her own standing point, so we've got to punish you all a bit."
Another soldier stops as he waits in line for the other soldiers to finish humping.
The soldiers that are currently fucking smile at the object the other soldier pulls out.
Soldier A "Hehehehe, I see. That is good!"
Astrid "Nahhh, ahhh, khhh... What, nghh, are you intending... hnn!?"
Astrid's body trembles from the bad feeling she has as her pounding increases in intensity, but the soldiers that are waiting continue to smile without speaking as the object is brought forward.
Eleonora "Aghhhh...!? Kfff, nghhh, nghhh... hahh, hahhhh, w-what...!? Khhhhh!"
Astrid "Khhhh... nghh, it hurts... Kfff, uhhh... ah, ahhh...!? This is...!"
Kohaku "Ughhhh... I... Nghhh, hghhhh...! No matter what, uhhh... we... hnn!"
Mel Mel "Hahhhh, i-it hurts...!? Ahhh, ahhh, aghhhh... Hey, w-why!?"
Eleonora groans in humiliation from the pain and bewilderment.
The girls' beautiful noses are forcefully pulled up with the hook, making them look like pig noses.
Mel Mel "Nahhhh, ah, aghhhh, uhhh... I-It hurts... This is really, hnnn, ahhhh! This really, hnnn, hurts, though!? Hahhh, ahhhhh!"
After Mel Mel shouts in protest, she screeches sharply.
The man fucking Mel Mel as well as the ones fucking the other girls smile in greater excitement than earlier.
Soldier D "This is good! The instant we hooked their noses, her cunt started squeezing incredibly tight!"
Soldier A "Hehehehe, mine too!"
Astrid "Hghhh, gfffff... ghhhh! Ghhhhh, hnnn, khnghhhh! T-This is... Nahhhh!"
Mel Mel "Hahhhhhh!? Hey, aghhhhh...! W-When this is done, my nose... ahhhh!"
They all grimace in pain and humiliation, and they turn back to the soldiers, trying to protest.
The soldiers' cocks get even hotter at the sight of their beautiful faces having been made ugly.
Eleonora "Mmm... nghhhh... nahhhhh! Aghhh, khhhh... T-This sort of act is...! Ahhhh, ah, anghhhhhh!"
Kohaku "Hahhhh! Hahhh... nghhhh! Won't you stop...? Aghhh!"
Having her nose hooked and her tailed grabbed hard from the base, Kohaku's hips tremble greatly.
The rhythm gets faster as the soldiers get drunk on the pleasure and desire to subjugate.
Kohaku "Ah, ah, aghh, ahhhh! I-If I'm getting fucked...!! Khhh, ah, ahhh, nghhhh!"
Eleonora "Hahhhh, ughhh, khnghhhhh, nghhh, hahhh! Ahhh, again... Aghhh, it's pouring into me again...! Ah, ah, ah, ahhhh!"
Soldier B "Ughh! Have that semen you love so much!"
The wet sounds echo out, overpowering even the sound of the burning buildings.
Their bodies lurch forward from the aggressive pounding, but because their arms are grabbed, they can't completely collapse forward.
Astrid "Nghhhh, aghhh, kfff, hghhhh! Ahhh, nah, ahhh, e-enough... If you're going to cum, hnnn... do so quickly!"
Mel Mel "Hahhhh! Ahh, nahhhhh! Just bring it to an end already... Ughhhhh!"
The soldiers judge the timing correctly, shoving their cocks in full might as soon as they all moan in agony.
The huge heads of their cocks prod at their cervixes, and they swell at an even faster rate.
Spllllllrrrrrt, bsshhhhhh! Bshhh, bshhh... bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!!")
Mel Mel "Nghhhhhhh! Hahhhh, it's hot, hahhhhhhhhh!!"
Astrid "Ahhhhh! Ah, noooo! It's splurting inside of me... Kahhhhhhh!"
Eleonora "Ahhhhh, ahhhh, nahhhhhhhh! Again I'm...!"
Kohaku "Ughhhhhh! Nghhh, hghhh, khhhh! Hahhh!? Ahhhhh, grabbing my tail at this time, oh, ohhhhhhhhhhh!"
The men's carnal desires erupt at the same time.
The girls take the cum of the anonymous men in their wombs. They arch their backs and scream loudly.
The soldiers' entire cocks are buried in their pussies as her hips shake in pleasure.
Cum spurts out around all of their cocks, dripping to the ground.
Mel Mel "Nghhhhh, nghhh! Nghh! I-It's still cumming... Ahhhhh, I can't take this any longer!"
Astrid "Khhhh, ghhhhhh! Hahhhh, who can take this...? Ah, ah, ah, ahhhhhhhh!"
Eleonora "Mhnghhhhh! Ngh, kfff... nghhhh... nahhhh! Ahhhh, this is so sinful... Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku "Mmmmm!? Ugh... khnghhhhh! Nghhh, hghhh... nghhhhh, oh, oh...!? Ughhhhhhhhh...!!"
Their wombs are filled up with the proof of the soldiers' desires.
Kohaku and Astrid both moan unused to this filthy feeling.
Mel Mel "Ahhh... uhhhhh... This again..."
Astrid "Hahhh, nghhh... I'm really just dumbfounded... This is truly..."
Kohaku "Ngh, hahh... nghhh... I can only agree..."
Eleonora "Hahh, nghh, hahh, ahhh... It's hot... Uhhh..."
Their continuously raped flesh is hot and painful, swelling with inflammation. Their bound wrists and shoulders are also at their limit.
Exhaustion naturally oozes out of them.
But that doesn't mean their humiliation is over.
Soldier E "How long are you going to rest? You need to fuck us next!"
Eleonora "Hahh...! Uh, khhh, kahhhhhh...! Nghhh, ah, ahhh... anghhh!"
Kohaku "Kffff, ugh, ngh, kfff... hahh! Ah, ahhh, again... nghhh!"
Astrid "Hahh, hahh, h-hey... nghhh! Kfff, nghhh, hahhh, kffff... hnn!"
Mel Mel "Ahhhh, again already...? Ah, no, just... ahhh, nghhh, hahhhh!"
They're not given adequate time to recover before the next round of soldiers shove their cocks into them.
The heat and pain that comes from having the swollen walls of their pussies fucked causes their bodies to curl up unable to endure it.
It also causes their pussies to contract, constricting tightly around the soldiers' cocks.
Soldier F "Hahahah, what? We can't wait around all day."
Eleonora "Ahhhhhhhhh, ahh, nghhh... hnn! Nahh, ahhh, please... more time... hnnn, nahhh, anghhhh!"
The soldier inside Eleonora laughs as he continues to plow her despite her pleas for him to stop.
Eleonora flips her long hair as she writhes from having his cock push against the soft walls of her pussy.
Soldier E "Hehehe, right. You're looking like a pig, you know? How about you try oinking like one!"
Astrid "What...!? Khh, uhhh... There's no way, nghh, I can do that, hnn...!"
Kohaku "R-Right... Nghhh...! You're just doing whatever you like to my body... Hahhh! You've violated me this far... Nghhh!"
They open their eyes wide, showing a strong refusal to the heartless demands made of them.
But the soldiers just smirk and continue gyrating their hips into the girls.
The other soldiers waiting in line call out to the girls currently getting fucked.
Soldier H "Hmm, is that right? Then, it can't be helped. Hey, maybe we should hurry up and execute the old men."
Mel Mel "Hey...!? W-What are you saying!?"
Eleonora "T-That's right...! Nghh... This immorality cannot be allowed... Nahhh, ahhhhh..."
Soldier E "I ain't listenin' to anythin' you broads have to say, so you can just look sad and pathetic, okay?"
Astrid "Kahhhhh...! Nghhh, nghhh, nghhh... hnnn!"
The soldier's long cock pushes up on his cervix.
In the midst of the rage and humiliation, Astrid grits her teeth due to the pleasure being forced into her.
Soldier G "Hey, what's the matter? You're a fox, so how about you behave like an animal?"
Kohaku "Nghhh, hnnn...! Hahh, kfff, nghhh, hahh, hahhh... Shut up... Nahhh!"
The hand-stretched behind her pulls the hook her nose all the higher.
Tears ooze out from around Kohaku's eyes at the humiliation and pain of having her nostrils pulled further back.
Soldier F "Hey, how's that? If you want to watch these old men get executed before you, shall I do so?"
Eleonora "Haghhhh, hnn, uh, uhhhh... hnn..."
Eleonora "Hnn... oink, oink, oink... hnn..."
Soldier F "Gyahahahaha! Good! Oink like that! Oink even uglier!"
Eleonora "Nghhhhh...! Hahh, nghhh... oink, oink, oink... hnn!"
Eleonora oinks like a pig to save the lives of the elderly, and the soldiers laugh and get angry.
While getting raped aggressively, Eleonora continues to oink like a pig at the relaxed rhythm.
Soldier H "Hey, what's the matter? Is the rest of your pride more important? You're cruel, aren't you?"
Mel Mel "Uhh... oink, oink, oink!"
Kohaku "Hnn... oink, oink... hnn..."
Mel Mel's body trembles from the burning shame in her chest as she oinks like a pig.
Astrid literally bites her lip so hard that she bleeds at the sight of the other three women. She finally releases her teeth slightly.
Astrid "Hnn... hnnn... oink, oink, oink...!"
Soldier E "Hahhh! This is incredible! The instant she started oinking, her cunt squeezes even tighter! Try oinking more! Go oink, oink!"
Astrid "Nghhhh, kffff, unghhhh, nghhhh...! Nahhh, haghhh... Don't mock me... hnn! I oinked once, so that's enough!"
Mel Mel "Right... nahhh! You oinked, so isn't that enough already...!?"
Soldier H "Shut up! Oh, look, the little piggie is talking like a person!"
The soldiers smile cruelly, raising their hands high. Astrid and Mel Mel's asses are spanked as they continue to take thrusts into their pussies.
Astrid "Nahhhhhhhhh!? Agh, kffff...!"
Mel Mel "Kyanghhhhhh! Hey, why'd----!?"
Soldier H "You're a pig! Hey, oink! Come on!"
Mel Mel "Nahhhhhhh! Ahhhh... E-Enough... hnn! Oink! Oink!"
The spanking is hard enough to reverberate through their bones and their wombs are pounded so intensely. Mel Mel is already only oinking.
The other soldiers are increasingly feeling their sadism burning up inside of them.
Soldier F "Hey, try oinking better! Or do you want to see the old men executed, ahhh!?"
Eleonora "Oink! Nghh, oink, oink!"
Kohaku "Kahhhhh, ugh, khhhh... ah, ahhh, oink... oink! Oink!"
They oink like pigs as they're raped and their asses are spanked.
The humiliation they feel tearing at their chest cannot compare to ordinary rape.
But they just oink, following the rhythm of the soldiers.
Soldier E "Hey, you can oink better than that, right, Astrid!?"
Astrid "Nghhhhhh!? Ngh, hhhh!? Nghhh, hhh! Nghh, nghh... oink!"
The soldier's hips slammed against her, Astrid's back arches, and she oinks like a pig.
The tips of her bouncing breasts finally pop out erect after being sunken into her breasts for so long.
They can only obey the commands no matter how much agony they're in. The soldiers' dark pleasure swells over this.
Soldier G "Hahahah! Look at them oink in this situation! If you can do a good job, I'll reward you with my cum!"
Kohaku "Oink... oink! Oink!"
Eleonora "Oink! Oink, oink! Oink, oink, oink, oink!"
Mel Mel "Nghhhh! Mghhh, oink... hnn! Oink, oink, oink, oink!"
Astrid "Kffff, hnnnn, ughhhh... nahhhh! Ah, ahhh, ahhh, nghhh... oink, oink!"
The soldiers thrust quickly, and the sounds of flesh smacking against flesh and the muffled voices of the girls echo through the plaza.
Their disgusting, distorted faces are further distorted due to their humiliation. They oink like pigs while shaking their asses. This sight causes the soldiers' sadism to expand to its limit.
Soldier H "Ohhhhhh...! I'm gonna cum! Take my jizz in your cunt, pig!!"
Mel Mel "Nghhhhh!? Mghhhh, oink... hnn! Nghhh, oink, oink!"
Astrid "Ughhh! Oink, oink, oink, nghhh, hhh, oink... nghhhhh... hnn!"
Their bodies are trembling from the unendurable humiliation as they're skewered with powerful erections.
As their backs arch intensely again, the cocks pulsate wildly deep inside their pussies.
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhh, bshhh! Bshhhhh, bshhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Eleonora "Oink! Hahhh, haghhh, ungh, nghh, nghh... oink!"
Kohaku "Oink! Ohhh, oink, ughh... oink!"
Mel Mel "Oink, oink, oink! Hnn... oink, oink!"
Astrid "Nghhhhhhhh! Kahhhhh, hahhh, nghhhh... oink!"
The lust within the soldiers explodes, and enough cum erupts out of them to completely fill each of their wombs.
Their eyes are spinning from the humiliation. The heat of the cum burns their pussies, and they are pushed into an undesired orgasm.
The soldiers continue to fire loads into their tightening pussies.
Eleonora "Pahhhhhhh! Ahhh, nghhhhhhh... oink, hahhh, ah, ahhh, hnn... hnghhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku "Pahhhhhhh! Oink, hahh, oink, oink... oink!"
Mel Mel "Oink, oink... oink! Oink, oink, oink!"
Astrid "Pahhhhhhh! Ahhhh, aghhhh, nghhhh, gffff... oink, hnnnn, pahhhhhhhhh!"
All four of them oink as they orgasm.
Kohaku "Ghhh... hahhhh... ughhh, nghhhhhh..."
Eleonora "Nahhh... hahhh, mfff... hahh, hahhh... mahhh... nahhhhh..."
Mel Mel "Hahhh, nghhh, hhhh... hahhhh... hhhhh, hhhh... hnnn..."
Astrid "Oink... uh, ghh... nghh, kfff... hnn..."
The soldiers' long cum shot finally ends. The girls somehow regain control of their breathing despite the exhaustion of their bodies.
However, the raped flesh is not given a chance to recover.
Cum drips from their exhausted crotches, landing on the ground and forming a white puddle.
Soldier I "Hey, how long are you just going to sit in your orgasms? Hurry up and switch! There are people waiting!"
Mel Mel "Y-You're... still going to continue...?"
Soldier G "Hey, who said you could return to talking like a person?"
Mel Mel "Pahhhh...! Phhh, oink..."
Eleonora "Oink... oink, oink..."
Their asses are smacked, causing their brows to twist in annoyance as oinks come out of them again.
Their overly pitiful appearance just pushes the lust of the soldiers that are waiting further.
Soldier J "Ahhh, shit! I can't stand it! I'll also make you oink like a little piggy soon! You're sick of waiting for the next cocks, right?"
Kohaku "Hnn... oink, oink..."
Astrid "Hnn... oink, oink..."
They all respond by oinking, showing that they've given in.
The soldiers push violently against one another out of a desire to go first.
............
......
...
#02_in018
Soldier "Lady Iris, they've attacked in the opposite direction...! This time it's the village to the west..."
Iris "What...!?"
Iris is on alert over the Service Nation's army encamped in Eldonian territory just across their border. She grits her teeth over the report she has just received.
There are still more than ten villages on the border of the Holy Kingdom. The settlements are all being attacked.
The attacked villages are mercilessly burned down. The men are killed, and the women are kidnapped.
The tragic scenes Iris had laid her eyes on in the past have now spread to the Holy Kingdom.
Iris "I couldn't protect them... again...!"
She can hear the wails of burning villagers and the screams of raped women in her heart.
She grips her fist tightly at her own ineffectiveness and her rage toward Derek.
Of course, she knows that this tactic is to bait the Holy Kingdom to act.
The closer they are to the capital that Seraphina is located in, the greater her blessings are. It allows them to fight against the vile monsters.
It would be best to just wait in a well-organized formation because it isn't necessary to make a strike.
Derek is trying to create a situation where Iris feels she has to move.
While announcing his presence from just across the border, he is burning through the Holy Kingdom's border villages.
To stop his tyranny, Iris must strike at the Service Nation's forces...
Iris (Is the only option to attack...?)
Derek's forces are masters at plundering. Iris has increased the guards around the villages in order to avoid it.
It is impossible to station guards around all of the villages, so their response is invariably always late.
Soldier "I'm sorry, Lady Iris... If we did a better..."
Iris "No, you've been doing enough. Thank you."
Iris expresses her appreciation, but the soldier's regret doesn't go away.
Iris orders him to take a break and places a red mark on her map again to mark the damage.
With a pen in her hand, Iris's hand trembles.
She feels like she can hear Derek laughing cruelly in the distance.
Derek "Well, Iris should be reaching the limits of her patience soon. Lay the next round of bait."
Luka "Yes, understood."
Luka salutes in response to Derek's order.
Luka starts marching with the monsters to answer Derek's belief.
The monsters are rowdy as it has been a while since they got to march.
Derek sees them off before calling Raymond.
Derek "Everything is prepared, yes?"
Raymond "Of course. Our allies have opened a path to reach Lady Seraphina."
Derek smiles and nods to Raymond's words.
Iris "The main regiment of the Service Nation has begun to march?"
Iris's surprise is exposed in her subordinate's report.
She thought that surely the Service Nation wouldn't move until she did.
Iris grabs a map and unfurls it on the table.
Iris "If they keep marching to the east like that... I see. Is that their plan?"
There is a large market city on the coastal portion of the Holy Kingdom just a little bit in from the border.
That city is currently fulfilling an important role in supplying the Holy Kingdom's army.
It will cause great damage if the Service Nation happens to be able to take it.
Soldier "Their target must have been there from the beginning..."
Iris nods to the muttering soldier.
It is easy to see that the towns they'd been ransacking along the border form a path to that port city.
Derek uses the pretext of plundering to hide his more nefarious purposes.
Iris (If... we don't go aid them now, how many people will come to harm...?)
Her fists clenched, Iris goes to give the order to her soldiers to march.
However, her movements are stopped when she tries to swing her arm.
Iris (No, but Sera? What if something happens to Sera while I'm gone...?)
There is Seraphina's barrier so it is unthinkable that something could happen.
But she can't make a prompt decision to leave the capital.
Iris (Ah... But if I don't go we can't save that city...)
She questions whether they should go or stay.
No matter which choice she makes, Iris knows she will regret it.
She can hear the soldiers around her taking deep gulps as she thinks.
Seraphina "Iris..."
Iris "S-Sera!? Why?"
Iris's astonishment at Seraphina's presence is apparent.
Seraphina has never appeared before others without Iris's request.
But Seraphina smiles calmly like always.
The soldiers around take a knee.
Seraphina "Please keep me in your heart."
Iris "Eh...?"
Seraphina "I'll be okay. Please lend a hand to the citizens."
Iris "Hnn..."
Iris's lips tremble at Seraphina's words.
Seraphina smiles as Iris still grapples with the decision.
Seraphina "Please believe in me. The barrier is still functioning. So please act according to your beliefs."
Iris "......"
Iris closes her eyes once. When she opens them again, there is a strong light of determination within them.
Iris first turns those eyes to the female knights clad in special armor that ordinary soldiers do not wear.
Iris "I will attack the Service Nation. While I'm doing that, you will guard Lady Seraphina. I entrust to you Lady Seraphina... and the city."
Valkyrie A "Yes, ma'am! No matter what happens we will protect Lady Seraphina's chambers! We swear on the name of the Valkyries!"
The response is said with a refined look on their faces. They have the strength to lose to no man.
They will protect Seraphina until the very end with their blades.
Iris "Reliable as always. Then, I leave it to you."
Valkyries "Yes, ma'am!"
After Iris nods to them, she turns back to face her other knights.
Determination burns in their eyes.
Iris "We march! We will not allow the Service Nation to continue its tyranny any longer! We will bring the hammer of justice down upon them!"
Soldiers "Yes!!"
Upon giving her orders, the soldiers clasp their hands together and look to Seraphina in prayer.
The Service Nation and the Holy Kingdom will have their second skirmish.
Iris will lead her knights and chase after the Service Nation.
Although her foe is strong, they have many dimwitted and slow monsters.
As Iris planned, she reaches the Service Nation before they can reach the city.
The two armies meet on a field near the city.
But...
Iris "Hahhhhhhhhh!!"
Troll "Grahhhhhh!?"
Iris's sword stabs deep into a giant troll soldier.
Dark blood erupts from the wound as the troll falls to his knees. A bunch of Holy Kingdom soldiers deal the finishing blow by thrusting spears into him.
The Holy Kingdom's soldiers cut down monster after monster.
The results of the battle are clearly advantageous for Iris.
But the longer the battle continues, the more Iris feels doubt in her heart.
Iris "What's this...? It's like they aren't even resisting..."
Their enemy is the elites of the Service Nation. They're the very ones that destroyed the nations of the Holy Alliance. The ones led by the evil general, Derek Rondo.
She feels that things are going too well because of that fact.
The enemy just pushes forward with the might of their monsters.
She wonders why they're falling so simply. The way they fight is just far too amateurish.
Iris "Moreover... the monster's movements are slow..."
Iris's anxiety is correct.
Because they marched the monsters into the Holy Kingdom, she thought that they must have prepared some sort of plan to deal with Seraphina's barrier.
But the barrier is still in full effect.
The monster's power and stamina are absolutely weakened.
Iris "What in the world...? Why do I have this bad feeling...?"
Unable to wipe away her unease, Iris continues to fight.
The Service Nation is taken by Iris's tactics, and their numbers are promptly cut down. However, they still don't show any intention of retreating.
Their determination is so strong that, even though the Holy Kingdom has the advantage, they feel overwhelmed.
It is then that they receive a report that a fire has been set in the capital.
Iris doubts her own ears when she hears the message.
It is impossible.
Iris "What...!? Damn you... Derek Rondo!!!"
She is hit with so much rage and resentment that she can't speak, so she just howls.
Iris "Ughhh, khhhhh... hahhhhhh!!"
Iris's shoulders move up and down with her breaths. Gasps escape through her gritted teeth.
The enemy still doesn't give in and just continues their charge. If they pull out suddenly, the enemy will have a swing at their backs.
Iris now understands the enemy's goal.
Iris suppresses the trembling of her fists in rage and despair and calls to her vice-general.
Iris "I must hurry back to the capital... I leave this position to you. Take great care."
Knight "Yes, please leave it to me, Lady Iris!"
Iris rushes to the capital on a horse with a few of her subordinates.
Iris "Ah... ah, ahhhh...!"
The city is in flames.
Iris's beloved capital----the city where Seraphina is----is engulfed in a sea of flames.
Fire burns high in the night sky, embers falling like rain.
Even far from the castle's walls, the heat is felt on their skin.
But Iris cannot believe the reality before her eyes.
She received the urgent report when she was fighting the monsters of the Service Nation.
She can't believe that the Service Nation suddenly appeared in the capital city and lit it a flame.
Iris's prayers that she is wrong about something are mercilessly discarded.
Iris "From the very beginning... was this their goal...?"
The attacks on the border villages were to plant the seeds of unease in Iris. And the monsters were dispatched to the port city as a diversion.
No, it was more than a diversion. Fighting the monsters did require such a huge force.
That is why Iris went to deal with it herself.
Iris "They used all of the soldiers... just to lay a trap for me...?"
Soldier "Lady Iris, there!"
One of the soldiers Iris was with earlier calls out to her while she is in her stupor, muttering.
Iris's eyes grow wide looking at where the soldier is pointing.
Focus returns to Iris's eyes, and the wretched acts of the Service Nation fill her eyes.
#02_in019h_mob04
Valkyrie A "Uh, uhhh... Lady Iris... I'm sorry."
Valkyrie B "N-No, aghh... release me already."
Valkyrie C "Uh... ah, ahh... kfff... hnn..."
The Valkyries that were charged with protecting Seraphina are being violated at the top of the castle's walls.
Their well-polished armor is broken, exposing their soft skin.
Their skin is also dirty, and blood is oozing from them. It isn't difficult to imagine that the girls fought as hard as they could until they were brought to this point.
The vile members of the Service Nation always rape their female foes.
The Valkyries are currently being embraced by imps. They stand atop the small wooden posts that line the walls.
Iris "Bastards, what are you doing!? Release everybody now!!"
Imp A "Gyahah, got here faster than we thought! We just finished getting prepared!"
One of the imps is separate from the other ones sexually embracing the Valkyries. He speaks to Iris.
Iris burns with rage at his disgusting face, warped with wicked pleasure.
Iris "If you don't let go of the Valkyries, whatever... I'll just kill you!"
Iris grabs her blade and tries to rush for the castle's walls.
But the one to stop her is one of the Valkyries.
Valkyrie A "Lady Iris, pay us no mind... Get to Lady Seraphina...!"
Valkyrie B "T-That's right... hnn! I-I, hnnn... am prepared for what is to come... hnn..."
Iris "Ugh, khhh... uhhhh... hnn!!"
The already exhausted Valkyries urge Iris not to worry about them.
They're an elite group that were selected to serve at Seraphina's side and protect her.
The Valkyries desperately suppress their fear and humiliation, putting Seraphina's safety above anything else. They show their final will.
As soon as Iris accepts the thoughts of the Valkyries and goes to move, the imp calls out to stop her.
Imp A "Hey, wait! Though we've waited for you, it'd be troublesome if you just left."
Imp A "If you move again, those girls won't just lose their hymens, you know? Gyahahah!"
Valkyrie B "Hhh!? Hhhh... hnnn..."
A different imp brings his teeth to one of the Valkyries' necks to indicate that it isn't just a threat.
The Valkyrie curls into herself and trembles from the fear and pain.
Iris (Those bastards... hnn!)
She knows that they're just buying time.
But all Iris can do is grit her teeth unable to abandon the Valkyries here.
Imp A "Gyahahah! Well, show me your resolve!"
Valkyrie B "Hahhh... hnn!? Ah, ahhh... That's... really... hnnn, uh, uhhhhh... hnnn..."
The imps flying around the Valkyries adjust their body positions.
They graze the tips of the wooden posts against the Valkyrie's crotches, causing their legs to tremble.
Valkyrie A "Hnnn... i-if you're going to do that, just do it... hnnn! We were prepared... for whatever may happen if we were defeated...!"
Valkyrie A (The training we underwent will be worthwhile... hnn! Has it already come to this... hnn? Lady Iris, please somehow save Lady Seraphina... hnn!)
Valkyrie B "Hghhh, hhh, hhh, hahhh... hnnn, I-I, hnnn, will endure, nghh... Ah, ahhh, no, I can't do it! I hate this!"
Valkyrie B (Ahhhh, please save me, Lady Seraphina! I-I've served you well! So please save me somehow!)
Valkyrie C "Hahh, uh, khhh... Lady Iris... hnn..."
Valkyrie D "I... am also prepared! No matter what immoral act may befall me, my heart will never surrender... hnn!"
Valkyrie D (Khhh... I can't believe my virginity is really going to be taken from me by some wooden peg... hnn! Wouldn't it be preferable to be raped even by a monster over this... hnnn!?)
Their precious first times are taken by a plank of wood as though they were shishkabobs.
Pale in the face, the Valkyries look down at the pegs restings against their bodies.
Imp A "Well, do it!"
Valkyrie B "Noooo! Stop! Stop! Stoooooop!"
Shllllllk! Blchhh, blchhh, glchhh! Shlllk, shlllllk!")
Valkyrie A "Gahhhhhhh!? Ah, ahhh, hghhh, hnnn... kfffffffff!!"
The thick wooden pegs are much thicker than a human's cock. They are shoved right through their slits.
The pain and fear of being literally skewered cause the Valkyries to scream and their whole bodies to stand stiff.
Red liquid drips from the pegs as proof of her hymen breaking.
Valkyrie A (This is, ahhh... khhh! The pain is... unimaginable...! But... But I can't cry here... nghhhhhh!)
If she lets her body struggle in pain, the wooden peg will just plunge deeper into her crotch.
The Valkyries are unable to endure the pain and agony, bringing them to tears.
They underwent strict training to protect Seraphina. They cleansed their hearts of sin and protected their purity.
They never would've dreamed of being sullied by such an immoral act.
Iris "Khhh... E-Everyone... hnn..."
Iris's troubled groans are carried on the wind.
The Valkyries are panting from the pain and humiliation, reminded of their own situation.
Valkyrie A "There's no need, hnn, to worry, Lady Iris...! Ahh, just, uhhh... save... Lady... Seraphina faster...!"
The burning pain of having their bodies penetrated by wooden pegs causes her body to tremble even as she desperately urges Iris to save Seraphina.
But the vitality she can show having been brought so far is unfortunately very little.
Valkyrie B "Ghhhhh... hnnn! I-It hurts, hhhh! Nooooo! I hate this!"
The Valkyries thought that they would lose their purity with the men they loved after they retired from being Valkyries.
Their hearts and bodies are filled with pain causing them to scream.
Tears stream from their faces the instant they think it should stop.
Valkyrie B "Nghhhh, hhh, hghhhhhh... hnnn! Aghh, ah, ahhh... help! Ughhhhhh, Lady Iris!!"
The Valkyries twist their bodies out of a desire to escape. Iris can only look up at them from below, causing her to have painful thoughts.
Of course, Iris can do nothing to help them.
Valkyrie D "Kahhhhhhhh! Ahhhh, aghhh... khhhh, hahhh, hahhh, hahhhhh!"
The overwhelming pain and heat piercing her brain from her crotch cause her to howl and scream.
Imp A "Gyahahah! Ain't their nice moans coming from all around!? Are they that happy over having their hymens busted? Gyahahahah!"
Iris "Bastard...! I will not allow this violence to continue!"
Imp A "Gyahahah, aren't you talking nonsense!? This is the main event! Just watch quietly!"
The imp has a devious smile on his face as he speaks. He gives a signal to his allies by raising his hand.
The other imps smile as they cling to the Valkyries.
Valkyrie A "Gahhhhhh!? Aghhhh!? Muah, gmmmm!!"
Because of the imp's decreased wing speed, a wooden peg is driven deeper into a Valkyrie's body.
The pain of having the tapered tip of the peg pushed into her womb causes her to scream, and the other imps to be taken in her by her face.
Imp B "Hey! I'll skewer your mouth too! Kyahahahahah!"
Valkyrie A (W-What!? This stench!! It's horrific! It's hard to breathe! It's disgusting!! Truly...!? This has got to... be a joke! Ahhh, stop!)
An imp grabs a Valkyrie by the head, ramming his disgusting cock between her pretty lips.
Her whole body trembles wildly from the disgusting taste and horrific stench.
The imp humps wildly, raping the depths of her throat as any inch of resistance is taken from her.
Valkyrie A "Ughhhh, muah, bgllrrr, bghhhh! Bahhh, hbfff, sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkk, sckkkk!? Bahhhhh!!"
Imp C "Kyahah! Are your nipples hard!?"
Another imp clutches her breasts, burying his head between them. He pinches her nipples with both of his hands.
But there shouldn't be any pleasure to it. Her body spasms from the pain of having her throat raped.
Valkyrie A (I-It's hard to breathe... hnn! I feel like I'm suffocating... Ughhh! But... hnn... But I am an honorable Valkyrie...!)
Imp B "Kehyahahah! Hey, suck on my cock more! Whore!"
Imp C "I'll rape your tits with my cock! Kyahahah!"
Valkyrie A "Sckkkk! Sckkkkk, sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkkkk! Sckkkk!"
Because her head is shaken and her boobs grabbed, her body shakes, and the peg is driven forcefully into her pussy.
Another Valkyrie desperately screams in pain.
Valkyrie B "N-Noooooo! Don't fuck my boobs like that! Anghhh, hahhhhh... hnnn! Nahhh, ahhh, stop! It hurts! Ahhhhhh!"
Imp D "Kahahah! Does it really just hurt? Aren't your nipples erect!?"
Next to her, a Valkyrie screams from having her tiny breasts squeezed.
The imp sucks on her nipples with his small fangs digging into her flesh.
Another imp twists his erect cock into her belly button.
Valkyrie B "Aghhhh! Hhh, hahhhhh... nahhh! Hahhh, please! It really hurts! Khhh, nghhhh! Let go of my boobs already!"
The Valkyrie shakes her hair in pain, and she cries while begging for help.
But it just fans the flames of the imp's lust.
Imp D "Keheheh! Your tits really look delicious! Try producing some milk out of 'em!"
Valkyrie B "Nghhhh, hnnnn, khhhhhhh! Hahhh, it hurts, hhhh! They won't produce milk, so don't bite them... or suck them!"
While biting her with his sharp teeth, her nipples stiffen even greater.
A burning pain comes from the peaks of her tits, her belly button is pushed against hard by an imp's cock, and the Valkyrie's body shakes on top of her peg.
Fresh blood dribbles out from her crotch while another knight is thronged by two imps.
Imp E "Keheheh, how's that? You wanted to get skewered with some real dick over a peg, right?"
Imp F "Heheh! How does it feel? Your precious hymen was destroyed by a wooden peg, you know?"
Valkyrie C "Ahhh, ah, ah, nghhh... hahhh, hahah... hnn..."
With the peg filling her slit, the imp thrusts his finger into it as well. Another imp perches on her shoulders, rubbing his cock between her breasts.
Her loins spasm from the pain of having her broken hymen wound touched. Clumps of sticky, white smegma sully her clean breasts.
However, already exhausted, the only thing that escapes from her mouth is a groan that sounds like a vacant laugh.
Valkyrie C "Hghhh, khnghhhh, hnghhh, hhhh... hahhh, hahh, ahhhh... anghhhh..."
The imps enjoy making her moan in pain. The one imp prods her slit with his finger even though it's so full of wood, and the other rubs his cock against her body, shaking her.
The thick peg pushes her pussy open more and more.
Her body trembles and bounces from the pain.
Imp G "Geheheheh! If you don't experience a real cock, losing your hymen is boring, right? I'll take your virginity here with a real dick, so thank me!"
Valkyrie D "Hyahhhh!? W-Wait! Y-You're wrong... I can't do this! Even though this peg is stabbing into me, you're still going to... aghhhh, gah, kahhhhhhh!"
Her tight asshole is forced open, and the imp's cock thrusts into her anus.
Her anus constricts powerfully, trying to prevent the foreign object from invading her body, but the imp just pushes his hips forward slowly, enjoying the tightness of her pussy.
The wrinkles around her asshole are stretched to the point of non-existence. She feels like her asshole is going to stretch to the point of tearing. The lining of her anus wraps around his cock as it reaches balls deep into her.
Valkyrie D "Hghhhhh!? Hahh, hahh, hahh, nahh, ah, ahhhh... That's, hnn... so deep in my ass... khhhh!? Nahh, hahhhh!"
Having her anal virginity taken along with her vaginal, the Valkyrie shudders from the pain and the despair.
Another imp buries his face into her voluptuous breasts, rubbing his cock on them.
Imps crouch on her both in front and behind. Her ass is raped as are her breasts. She feels crushed by the pain and humiliation.
Imp G "Geheheh, a true cock seems to make you happier! Your asshole is squeezing tightly!"
Imp H "These boobs are so big they're worth a squeeze!"
Valkyrie D "Nghhhh! Aghhh, khhhhh! Nahhh, ahhh, it's hot! Noooo, ughhh, gahhhh! Don't move!"
Her anal lining is yanked and stretched by the imp's intense pounding. Her cleavage is fucked by his disgusting cock.
When cocks thrust from both sides, the peg plunged into her pussy is pushed even deeper.
The pain is just like having her body skewered. However...
Valkyrie D (Kahhhh!? What is this!? It doesn't just hurt... My ass and pussy are on fire... Ahhhhh, this has to be a lie!)
Valkyrie D "Hahhhh, ahh, nahhhhhh! Ahhhh, please. Stop fucking my ass already! If you don't pull out... Nahhhhhh!"
Each time the imp moves his hips and fucks her asshole, it doesn't just hurt. A numbing ache wells up within her.
The Valkyrie shakes her hair due to the unknown sensation, desperately urging them to stop.
But there is an arousing allure to her moans.
Iris "Stop it already! How long are you going to torment these girls!? I will fuck you, so let them all go!!"
Imp A "Gyahahahah! And stop them when it's so good!? Well, everybody!"
Clinging to the Valkyries, the imps laugh vulgarly and hasten the speed of the movement.
Imp B "Kehah! You're getting cocky! You're crying because my cock just tastes so good, right!?"
Valkyrie A "Ngllllk!? Gbffff, sckkkk! Blkkkk, bahhh, ngh, ughhh! Ugh, bahhh, gbfffff!? Bahhh, hghhhh!"
The imp plunges his cock as deep as he can into her mouth. Her throat is forced further open, and she is suffocating from the disgusting feeling of having her throat lining pushed further apart.
He grabs her head again, plunging even deeper down her throat.
As soon as he does, her nipples are tugged up fiercely.
Valkyrie A (I-It's hard to breathe... Hnnn, I can't breathe... hnn! Even though I feel like I'm going to puke, I can't... My throat is stuffed...! It's hard to breathe, hnn... My head's... hnn!)
Her head hurts from a lack of oxygen, but the imp's assault just gets more ferocious.
His cock swells to the point of bursting, and she convulses from having the inside of her throat rubbed.
It is the first time she has felt such pain, and it grows deeper.
Valkyrie A (Ahhh, Lady Seraphina... hnn! Please give me the power to somehow endure this fierce torture...!)
She suffocates on the imp's cock while she desperately tries not to cry. She prays.
Valkyrie B "Nooooooooooo! It hurts! My boobs are being torn apart! No, nooooooo!"
She screams with tears in her eyes.
Clinging to her breasts, the imp bites more forcefully around her areola.
Imp D "Keheh! But isn't it still not producing milk!? Hey, how's that!? Try firing your milk!"
Valkyrie B "Nghhhhh, hhhh, I can't take it...! Ahhh, I... I... was still a virgin, so my boobs shouldn't be able to produce milk! Stop this already!"
When her body twists to escape the pain, the peg stabbing into her pussy encroaches deeper into her pussy.
As soon as she arches her back, another imp rubs his cock against her pussy. The one biting her nipples does so hard enough to draw blood.
Valkyrie B "Hghhhhhhh! Nahhhh, ahhhh, ahhhhhhh! Release my boobs already!"
The Valkyrie desperately writhes to push away the imps without concern about the peg plunging deeper into her.
Valkyrie C "Hahh, hahh, hahh, haghh, gffff... hnnn! Ngh, nahh, hahh, hahh... hahhh!"
Imp F "Keheh! How's that? A real cock is hot, huh? You want me to stick it in you instead of this peg, right!?"
Imp E "Shall I stick it in you now?"
Despair returns to the Valkyrie's vacant eyes.
The thick wooden peg goes deeper into her pussy. Her pussy is wounded more intensely than before. The imp twists his finger further into her pussy, stretching it to its limit.
The imps' reddish-black cocks are rubbed on her tits and hips. The precum oozing from them sullies her body.
Valkyrie C (These imps will sure... cover my body in their seed... I'm sorry... Lady Seraphina and Lady Iris... I am a weak knight... I'm already... hnn...)
Valkyrie C "Ahahah, hahh, hnnn... ahahahah... hnnn..."
Having the cocks of the imps rubbed on her and her pussy raped by a peg, she laughs dryly.
The Valkyrie tries to release herself from the threads of rationality.
Valkyrie D "Nghhhhh! Nahhh, ahhh, ahhhh! No, nooo! I... I...! Oh, oh, ohhhhhhhhh!"
Imp G "Geheh, aren't you moaning nicely!? You're quite the masochist liking it up the ass like that!"
The imp's cock plunges deep into the Valkyrie's anus.
His cock and the peg rub against each other through the walls of her anus. His cock slides up her rectum, pressing against her womb on the other side of the anal lining.
Valkyrie D "Hghhhh, hahhhh! Aghhhh, anghhhhhhh! There! Don't hit me there! Anghhhhh!"
When she screams and bends back, another cock plunges between her cleavage.
Her pussy, anus, and breasts burn like they're on fire. The pain of being deflowered coats her in heat.
Imp G "Hey, do you like this!? Tight your asshole more! If you do that, I'll fuck you more! Bitch!"
Valkyrie D (Ahhhhh, this can't be! I can't be this... big of a slut...! But... But...! The trembling of the imp's cock...!)
Her asshole can sense the imp's ejaculation, and the Valkyrie's pleasure increases dramatically.
Valkyrie A "Nghhhhhh! Sckkkkk, bahhh! Bahhhh, bahhh, muah, sckkkk! Muah, sckkk, sckkkkkkkkk!"
Valkyrie B "Hhhhhhhhh! Enough already! I can't take this!"
Valkyrie C "Ngh, ah, ah, hahah, ahahah, hahh... hnn!"
Valkyrie D "Kfffffff, unghhhh, nahhhhh! Ahhh, no, I can't take any more than this! Hahhh, ugh, kfff, hahhh! Enough!"
The imps are not satisfied with just taking the Valkyries' virginities with wooden pegs. They shoot their loads all over the girls' bodies as well.
The imps each thrust their cocks deeper toward the Valkyries as the Valkyries scream at the rapidly approaching horror.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Gshhhhh! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhhhh!! Bshhhhhhhhh!")
Valkyrie A "Mghhhhhhhh!? Ughhh, muah, sckkkk, sckkkk... hnn!? Sckkk, nghhh, nghhh, nghhh, ghhhhhhhh!"
The imps stop flapping their wings completely right as they ejaculate.
The Valkyries' bodies droop down further, and the pegs penetrate deeper into their wombs.
The Valkyries are bathed in their cloudy white fluids, hitting them with the sheer degree of immorality to their act.
Valkyrie A (Ughhhhh! He's cumming! The imp's foul-smelling cum is shooting into my mouth... It's so thick on my tongue, and it's running down my throat... hnnn!!)
Valkyrie A (I'm sorry, Lady Seraphina... hnn! I can no longer be seen as a woman...!)
Valkyrie B "Nghhhhhhh! Aghhhhh, aghhhhh! Hnghhhhhhh!"
The biting on her breasts doesn't let up at all.
As soon as she screams from that pain, another imp showers her in cum.
Valkyrie C "Hnghhhhhh! Nahh, hahh, ahhhhh!"
After the cum erupts forcefully, their bodies are covered in white fluids.
Still filled with a wooden peg, the imp's finger plunges deeper into her spasming pussy.
Valkyrie D "Nahhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"
The loud moan echoes out from the top of the castle's walls.
Her womb is stabbed by the wooden peg as the imp fucking her ass releases his load into her anus.
For a Valkyrie that values her purity above all else, it is not surprising that she is hit with such despair from being burnt with cum.
Valkyrie D "Ahhhh, no, Lady Seraphina, Lady Iris! I... ah, ah, ah, ahhhhhh!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhhh! Bshhhh! Bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Valkyrie D "Ahhhhhhhhhh! Hahhhh, hhhh, nghhhhhh... hnghhhhhhhhh!"
The town they were to protect is on fire. Bathed in the heat of the fire, they're consumed in the humiliation of climaxing.
Valkyrie A "Hnnn, brpp... bahhhh, ahhhhh, gack... nahhh, hahh, hahh, ahhh... brppp... hahhh, ngh, hahhh... Lady Iris... I... uhhh..."
Valkyrie B "Hic, uhhh... nghhhhhhh! Unghhhhhhhhh!"
Valkyrie C "Ahhh, hahh, hhh, hhh... hahhh, hahh, hahah... ahahahah... hnnn..."
Valkyrie D "Ah, ahhh... ahhhh, nghhh, hahhh, hahh, I... Ahh, what have I done... Uhh, please forgive me... Lady Seraphina... ahhh... hnnn..."
The Valkyries take a huge amount of cum down their throats, in their asses, and on their bodies.
The Valkyries had the admiration of all the girls in the capital, but they're covered in yellowed cum now.
The stench of it is absolutely awful. The reality of their situation is mercilessly prodded into them.
Imp A "Gyahahahahahahah! Hasn't their virgin cunts cum a lot!? Hey, Lady Iris, you think that as well, right?"
The imps laugh at the now vacant Valkyries.
Iris can only watch. She grits her teeth so hard that it feels like her teeth are going to break.
............
......
...
#02_in020
Iris "How...? How can you be this cruel!?"
Being forced to watch the Valkyries' purity trampled over, Iris's body trembles in rage.
Iris tries to rush for the castle's walls to save the Valkyries.
But before she can, one of her loyal soldiers blocks her path.
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady Iris, please leave it to us... hnn! Lady Iris, go save Lady Seraphina!"
Iris "Hnn...! Sera...!!"
Iris's legs stop.
The city behind the castle's walls is on fire.
The sounds of the fire mix with the screams and clashing of blades.
Imp A "Gyahahahah! You might already be too late because you waited around here!"
Iris "Khh... hnnn!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady Iris, hurry...!"
Iris "I'm sorry. I leave this to you!"
Iris grits her teeth at the mockery from the imp, but she splits her forces into two and leads one part of them to the gates of the capital.
After Iris gets into the burning capital, what she sees all around her are small skirmishes between the Holy Kingdom and the Service Nation.
The Service Nation launched a surprise attack on the capital, using their main force as bait.
Iris has great regret because she fell for that trap. These thoughts circle through her mind as she runs through the capital, enveloped in flames.
Iris "Hyahhhh... hnnn!"
Service Nation Soldier A "Gahhhhh!?"
Service Nation Soldier B "Shit! She's too strong!"
Iris's sword cuts through the flames as she cuts down the soldiers of the Service Nation.
With their commander's defeat, the Service Nation's soldier expresses their resentment as they run away.
Iris "Should I clean things up here first...?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier B "T-Thank you, Lady Iris..."
Iris "There is no need to thank me. More importantly, what has happened? I know that the Service Nation appeared suddenly and started setting fires, but what in the world is going on?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier B "I don't really know myself..."
According to the soldier, when they noticed the Service Nation's soldiers, the city was already aflame.
The gates to the capital should have been closed and guards should have been on watch.
But for them to have slipped in. They must have an informant from the Holy Kingdom or their spies must have already slipped in.
The details are still uncertain, but the knowledge that the enemy isn't a large force is a relief.
Iris "Then, Sera... Lady Seraphina is...?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier B "I'm sorry. I don't know at all..."
Iris "I see..."
Iris grabs the handle of her blade firmly.
She wants to believe that Seraphina is safe.
But the Valkyries she left behind to protect Seraphina were just raped mercilessly.
She can't rid herself of worry.
Iris "I will hurry to the temple. I'll leave this position to you."
Holy Kingdom Soldier B "Yes, understood."
Once again Iris splits off with a small force to rush deeper into the burning capital.
Iris "Hahhh, hahhh, ngh, hahhh... I-I'm glad... It's still safe here..."
After reaching the temple where Seraphina sleeps, Iris takes a knee in overwhelming relief.
Or rather the relief has made her realize just how exhausted she is.
She fought the Service Nation's monsters at the port city, and then without a moment to rest rushed back to the capital. Until she reached the temple, she trades blows with many soldiers of the Service Nation.
All of her subordinates parted with her along the way, and now she's all alone.
Iris "No... I can't relax yet... I need to check on Sera first... hnn..."
Her body is covered in sweat and soot. Her heart pounds incredibly quickly as though screaming out at her.
All of her muscles are urging her to just stop already.
But Iris smacks her weak legs and forces herself to the temple.
She hears a sound the instant she enters the temple.
It is the sound of the door being forced open by something big and hard.
Iris forgets her exhaustion the instant she hears that sound and runs at full speed.
Iris "Derek!!"
She rolls into the hall, screaming loudly.
The man clad in black that she calls out to turns to look at her, filled with both surprise and amusement.
Derek "I'm surprised. You arrived on time. You have my praise."
Derek speaks in a light tone, but his subordinates stare at Iris with eyes full of disbelief.
The soldiers grip their giant hammers.
They continue to try to destroy the door to the underground chamber where Seraphina is.
Iris "I can't let you go through... I definitely won't let you go any further!!"
Iris grabs her sword. She is unable to endure the sight of these monsters touching Seraphina.
As the Service Nation's soldiers back away, they look to their general, Derek.
Derek smiles as though he's received an unexpected present.
Derek "It's interesting... If you're going to say that you won't let me go, just try to stop me."
When Derek draws his sword, he swings it recklessly as though testing Iris.
Iris steps forward, showing that this is what she wanted.
Iris "Ahhhhhhhhhh!!"
Derek "Hnn...!?"
Derek takes the entire blow with his huge sword.
But Iris is the one that wins the clash.
Derek's huge sword is like a plank of Iron, but it is knocked back by Iris's sword.
Iris "Hahhh!!"
Derek "Ohhhhh!!"
Iris swings her sword down at Derek after his stance is broken.
Derek once again blocks the blow with his sword.
But after Derek takes Iris's blow, his huge physique is brought to his knees.
Iris "Ahhhhhhhhh!!"
Derek "Tch...!"
Iris swings her blocked sword again, trying to overpower Derek.
But Derek quickly backs up, evading it.
The attack ends in seconds, and Iris once again takes a fighting stance to fight Derek.
An unrelenting fighting spirit burns in her eyes. She can't let Derek see the slightest hint of weakness.
Derek's eyes look like a starving beast with prey right in front of him.
Service Nation Soldier A "Oh, hey... did you just see that? I can't believe it! Did she push the commander back!?"
The soldiers that are with Derek are in a big uproar.
Derek is a soldier that can take on an ogre by herself. There is nobody within the Service Nation that can fight against him.
The strongest soldier was forced to take a knee from a thin girl right in front of them.
Service Nation Soldier A "I-It can't be... There's no way that can happen, right? Right?"
Service Nation Soldier B "I-It's not possible."
The soldiers cannot hide their shock over what has happened before them.
Iris and Derek look at each other with no words despite the clamor going on around them.
They feel one another's breaths, and when the time is right, they once again move.
Iris "Hahhh!!"
Derek "Wahhhhhhhh!!"
Their two swords cut through the air, clashing incredibly hard.
Iris "Hahhh, hahhh, hahh, ngh, hahh... hnn..."
Iris (How many times have we clashed...? Ten? Twenty...? More...?)
Struggling to have her consciousness not get muddled, she keeps her eyes on Derek.
Her sword is heavy.
It clashes with Derek's large blade, and all of her muscles scream out. Large beads of sweat continue to drip under her armor.
But Iris's stance crumbles.
She has to do whatever she can to protect Seraphina. With that thought in her might, she continues to wield her sword to stop Derek.
Derek "It's greater than I imagined. I miscalculated. I never thought you would go this far, Iris Arcadia."
Iris "Me too... I misjudged you. Derek Rondo..."
She had the information that he was dangerous and a person to be concerned with before. She recognized that information as true.
But she didn't think it would be this intense. Ladomira is one thing, but perhaps she should have taken priority.
Iris "I will never forgive you..."
Iris "My allies in the Holy Alliance... my subordinates... and now Sera as well..."
She breathes deeply and retightens her grip on her sword.
She swings it with all of her might. She tightens her resolve to defeat him with one blow.
If she can at least defeat Derek, the soldiers watching them battle will likely run away. The most important thing is that she keeps standing, though.
Iris "Do you think... you're a man that can be forgiven...!?"
Derek "Aren't you making a good face? So that is your desire. Good. In that case, show me with force!"
Iris "You don't... need to tell me that!!!"
Iris firmly grips her sword and lowers her back.
She doesn't try to deflect or avoid Deirek's attacks. Instead, she gathers the strength she needs in her arms and legs to counterattack.
Iris (Sera...! I will protect you...!)
She recalls Seraphina in her mind.
In an instant, Iris leaps.
In a single step, she enters Derek's range.
Iris "Wahhhhhhhhhhh!!!"
She slams into Derek's bulky chest plate with all of her might.
But he hardly flinches at all.
Iris "Eh...?"
Derek "Too bad."
Iris "Gahh...!?"
He swings his giant sword with enough force to tear through the air, landing right in Iris's abdomen.
She is sent flying and rolls across the ground.
Iris "Kahhh, hahh, hahh, hahhh, nahhh... hahhh, hahhh, hahhh..."
Her body won't listen to her, and she can't get up. She lies on the ground, unable to lift her head.
She feels intense pain from where she was hit. She feels something else.
Her eyes are spinning. She feels ill.
Derek "The final blow was good. I didn't think you'd cause me any harm."
Derek's voice sounds close.
When she finally looks up with her teeth gritted, she sees Derek with blood running down his arm.
The other soldiers from the Service Nation leap toward her as well.
Derek "It's been a long time since I wanted to make a girl fall this far."
Iris (I'm sorry... Sera... hnn!)
The fact making her cry is that she can't protect Seraphina any longer and not the danger she is currently in.
#02_in021h_iri01
Iris "Augh...! Khhh, stop...!"
Derek easily removes her armor with no physical resistance.
Each time her skin is exposed, the surrounding soldiers smile vulgarly.
Derek "Hmph, you smell like a child still. Have you never had sex?"
Iris "Khhh... How could you do this...!?"
Derek "What? Did you want to tell me that you'd like me to fuck you even roughly because you love me?"
Iris "W-Who would say something like that...!?"
She glares at Derek with as much force as she can.
Derek snorts at Iris, spreading her legs wider.
Iris "Haghhhh... nghhh! Khhhh!"
He robs her crotch up and down roughly. Her face distorts more from regret than pain.
But she grits her teeth tight to avoid moaning shamefully.
Iris "Uh!? Nghhhhhhh... hnnn!!"
His finger finds her vagina from over her underwear, pushing into it.
Her body shrinks from her feelings of intense loathing as she glares at Derek.
Derek "I'll make you enjoy me. It wouldn't be fun if I broke you easily."
Iris "What're you... agh!? Hnn! Nghhh, nghhhhhhh!?"
Derek's fingers push around, opening her pussy.
She starts to cry from the humiliation of being gang-banged however they please.
Iris "Hnn... kahhh! Hahhh, hahh... hahhh..."
With one final twist, he finally pulls his fingers away.
Iris's shoulders move up and down as she breathes in relief.
Derek "You're reacting exaggeratedly for a single finger. Things are going to get much worse from here."
Iris "What...? Uh..."
She swallows her words as soon as she goes to retort.
Derek pulls down his pants.
Iris "Hnn...!? What... is that...?"
She is more startled by the huge cock standing before her rather than the armor being pulled away.
It is the first erect cock she has seen. It is much bigger than she imagined.
Iris (W-What's that...? That thing is insane... I-Is that a human's... cock...?)
Lightning runs through her veins.
The head of his cock is as big as a fist. The ridges of it almost make it seem like an umbrella. It has a reddish-black glimmer to it.
Iris (This has to be... a joke, right? T-That huge thing... is going inside me...?)
Just thinking of it makes her body tremble.
Despite that, her eyes can't look away from his cock.
Derek "It's love at first sight, huh? You're making a face like you can't wait any longer."
Iris "W-Who would...!? T-That horrific thick cock... is polluting my vision...!"
Derek "You're drooling and panting at the thought of having this filthy cock inside of you."
Iris "Shut up...! When hell freezes over...!"
Words repeat in her scared little mind.
Derek "Keheh... forget those words now."
Iris "Aghhhhhh...!?"
Her pussy is dry. A hard and hot sensation is slowly pushed into it.
Her large, untouched labia... is stretched open.
Iris (Ahhhhh... I can't believe this is how my first time is going to be...)
Iris vowed her life to Seraphina as a knight.
She vowed to protect her purity for her entire life.
Iris (This is... really...)
She never dreamed that the day would come when she would pay for her defeat by having her own virginity stolen.
But it's all a result of how weak she was.
Remember that fact, Iris once again glares at Derek.
Iris "Khh...! What's the matter? If you're going to rape me, just do it...!"
She has certainly lost. She can't protect what's important to her.
What is she to do if she lets her heart be crushed as well?")
She tells herself that if she endures the humiliation she will get another chance.
Iris "Yes, that's right. I certainly lost to you...! I am prepared... to face the consequence of who lost...!"
Derek "You've suddenly said something so great. I can imagine what you're thinking. But why don't I take you up on what you're saying?"
Smiling happily, Derek grabs Iris's legs, pulling her beautiful body closer.
Iris "Nghhhhh!? Ngh, nghhhhhhhhh!"
Shllllk! Shlllk, shllllk! Shlllllllllk!")
Iris "Ghhhhhhh! Ghhhhhhhhhh!!"
She is hit with heat and pain to such a degree that it makes her think her crotch is on fire. She grinds her molars powerfully.
Sweat erupts from her entire body due to the overwhelming sensation of the foreign object, and blood runs down her torn pussy.
Iris "Nghhh, nghhhhh! Hahhhhhh, nahhh! Hahh, hahh, hahhh, nahhhhhh...!"
The pain she endures makes her want to cry. Her nostrils flare, and she starts breathing roughly.
Her crotch pulsates with pain in time with her breaths.
Derek "Something on your mind...? This is your hymen, right?"
Iris "Nghhhhhh...! Hahhh, hahhh, nghhh, hhhh, kffff... hnnn!"
Derek plows Iris's flesh with the huge head of his cock in a manner to deliberately hurt her without sticking it in all the way to the base.
Unable to retort against the intense pain, she does her best to snort.
Derek "Look closely at my face. It is the face of the man who has taken your virginity. No matter who you fuck from now on, don't forget this face."
Iris "Haghhhhh!!?"
Derek grabs Iris's hips and pushes his entire body down on her at the same time as he pulls her closer.
Mlchhhhh, mlchhhhh! Blchhhh! Blchhhhhh...!")
Iris "Nghhhhh...!! Hahh, ghhh, ngh... kahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!?"
Iris's screams echo through the normally quiet temple.
The soldiers heckle her, drowning out her pained screams.
But the overwhelming pain is enough to tear her body apart, but she lacks the ability to worry about it.
Iris "Aghhh! Kahhh!? Haghhh, ghhh... nghhhhhhh! Nghhh! Hahhhhhhhhh!"
Her eyes open wide from the pain of having her insides forced open, and her limbs tremble as she continues to scream as though she were dying.
Her trampled virginity causes her pussy to constrict tightly around her invader's cock.
But the tyrannical man's cock forcefully plows her deeply.
Iris "Ahhhhhh...! Hahh, hahh, nahhhhh... haghhhhhhhhhhh... hnn!!"
Iris "Ghhh... nghhhhhh...! Khhh, hahhh... hahhh, hahhh... hnn, ngh, nahh, hahh, hahh..."
The pain causes her to dissociate for a moment.
Her fast and shallow breathing continues as she tries to soften the pain even a little bit.
Iris (Ah, ahhhhh... I... am r-really... hnn...)
His burning rod skewers her crotch, tormenting her with endless pain.
There is nothing more horrifying than having your insides forcefully pushed apart.
Iris (Uh... uh, brpp... I f-feel like I'm going to puke... hnnn...)
Derek "Well, how does it feel to lose your virginity?"
Iris "Hnn...!"
Iris begins to cry from the pain as she glares at Derek.
Iris "This, hnn... is... nghhh, nahhh, hahh, hahhh... nothing, nghhh... hnn!"
Derek "You're great. In that case, there's no need to show you any mercy."
Iris "M-Mercy... nghhh!?"
Iris "Nghhhhhhh!? Nghhh... ngh, nghhh! Nghhhhhhhhh!!"
Derek roughly slams against her hips.
His super thick cock goes in and out of her pussy, and the walls of her pussy are mercilessly torn apart.
Iris "Kahhhh!? Ghhhhhhh... hahh! Hahhh, ghhh... haghhhhhhhh!"
He suddenly pulls it all out at once, however, he gives her no time to take a breath before thrusting deeply into her pussy again.
Her whole body arches back from the heat due to him pressing on where her hymen used to be with his finger.
Iris "Aghhhhh, agh! Kffffff, hnn!"
Derek "Hey, didn't you just say this was nothing?"
Iris "Hghhhhh, ghhhh, gfffff! Uh, uh, ughhhhh! Hahhh, hahhh, mfffff, hahhh, hhh... hnnn!"
She can't obey Derek's mocking words.
Iris desperately grits her teeth to stop herself from screaming.
Iris "Kahhh! Hahhhhh, hghhh... bahhh!?"
His huge cock scrapes along the walls of her pussy as it goes in and out of her body.
The pain of having her pussy plowed causes her legs to kick and writhe.
Derek's smile is visible as he looks down at Iris.
Iris "Hahhh, nahhh, hahh... What... hnn!?"
Shllllllllllk!!")
Iris "Kahhhhhhh!? Kah, aghh! Nghhhhhhh, hahhhhhh!?"
His pace suddenly hastens as though the earlier rhythm were just some trick to fool her into a false sense of security.
Her womb is warped and her bones grind against each other due to the forceful insertion. It is like she's being attacked by his powerful erection.
Iris "Hghhhhhh, ahhhh, aughhhhh! Ahhhh, ah, ahhhhh, ahhhhhhhhh!?"
Iris can only scream at the pain of having her crotch torn apart.
She tries to escape and tries to kick her legs, but her legs are still under the weight of Derek's body.
Iris "Kfffff, ughhh! Nahhhhh, i-it's hot inside my body! Ah, aghhhhhhh!? I-I feel like I'm burning!"
Iris "Nahhhhhh, ahhhhhhh! I-I'm breaking... You're breaking me deep inside! Hnnn, hnn! Kahhhh!? Anghhhhhh! Hnghhhhhh!"
Her cervix is hit with a rapid torrent of blows.
Panting from the force, Iris tries to push Derek's body off of her, but he just pounds her faster.
Iris "Gahhhhhhhh, ahhh, it's hot! Ahhh, so hot! Ah... hhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Iris pounds the floor, panting in pain and unable to endure the heat she feels in her pussy.
The tears she has held back start to run down her face.
Derek "Is it so good that you're crying? In that case, I'll wipe away those tears with my semen."
Iris "Nghhhh, ahhh, hahhhh! Aghhh, aghhh, ah, ahhhh... Semen... hnnn!?"
Iris "Hahhh, ah, nahhhhh! Ahhh, no, you can't... Aghhhhhh!"
Understanding what Derek means, Iris forces her body up in an attempt to get away from Derek.
To not just have her virginity stolen by her foe but to have his seed poured into her as well is just too humiliating.
Derek "Well, here it comes... If I knock you up in one shot, you should praise me."
Iris "Nooooo, no, nooo! W-Who w-would want your child... nghhh!? Nghhhh, haghhhhhhh!!"
Iris "Khhh, ghhh, hahhh! I can't endure this any longer! E-Enough! Khhhh...!"
Iris stops herself from continuing to beg for mercy.
Derek smiles cruelly as they exchange a glance.
Derek "I'm going to cum and impregnate you."
Iris "Stop!? Nahhhh, ghhhh, hghhhh! Hahhh! Nahhhhhh! Ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
As he pulls his hips into hers, his cock pieces deeply to the very core of her body.
Iris's body curves like a bow from the extreme amount of force.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Nghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"
Iris "Ahhhhhh, aghhhh, hnnn, ahhhhhhh! Nahhh, ahhhh, no, nooooo, nooooooooooooooooooo!!"
His huge cock pulsates wildly in the deepest parts of her body, and a torrent of hot cum gushes into her womb.
It is the first time she has felt a man's cum. It causes her whole body to spasm and trembles.
Iris "Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!? Nghhh, hahh, it's hoooooot! I-I can't take any more of this... I'm already at my limit!!"
Derek "Whether or not this is impossible is for me to decide not you."
Iris "Kahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!?"
Iris's body bounces high.
His cock keeps plowing her as though mixing around the cum it has shot inside of her.
Iris "Ughhhhhhhhh, nghhhhh! Ghhhhh, uhhh! Nghhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"
Derek "Keheheh, aren't you writhing about just a bit too much? Was your first load of cum that good?"
Iris "Noooooooo! No, I can't take it any longer!!"
Iris moans and groans at the heat of the cum filling her loins.
Derek pulls his hips back before hitting her with a powerful blow intended to finish her off.
Splllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Noooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!"
Iris "Hahh... hahhhh, hahhh... hahhhh, hahhh... hahhhh... ahhhh... uh... uhhh, ghhhh... hnnn..."
Her body continues to tremble slightly from the shock of it all.
Her gaping pussy makes gloopy sounds as cum drips from it.
Iris (I was raped... Hnnn... I lost... to this man... hnn...)
Her chest is tight with regret as she cries.
Iris bites her trembling lip to stifle her groans.
Iris (I'm okay... This much is okay... hnn...)
Derek "You're making a face like you still haven't had enough. Relax. There are a lot of people here who will fuck you."
Iris "Hahh... uh!? Ahhhhhhh... hnnnn!!"
Derek pulls out his huge cock.
It feels like her organs are being pulled out as well, and she looks all strength in her legs.
Iris "W-Wait... Bastard...!"
Her calls are ignored, and the next soldier positions himself between Iris's legs in place of Derek.
Soldier A "Hehehe, you were a virgin, so didn't the commander's dick hurt? But my dick won't be so bad, you know?"
Iris "What...? I will not have this idiotic conversation...! Khhh, ah uh...!"
The soldier manhandles her, playing with her vulva just after her hymen was broken.
The lining of her pussy was damaged by Derek's huge cock, but now a new pain is being forced upon it.
Iris "Hahhh, khhh, nghhh... hahhh, ngh, hahhh..."
Soldier A "Don't make that face. I'll make it feel good right away, okay?"
Iris "Ghhhhh... nghhhh, khhh, hahh... hnn! Nghhhhhhhh...!!"
Iris's crotch is once again penetrated with cock, and Derek's cum is pushed out of her pussy.
Because of the difference in size, there is no overwhelming sensation like when Derek was inside of her, but she still begins to feel pain deep inside her pussy.
Iris "Hahhhh, ngh, hahhh... But if it's this much... Nghhh, nghhh, nghhhh... hnnn..."
Soldier A "Oh, incredible! You really were a virgin before this, huh? Your cunt is so tight on my cock, you know? You get what I mean, right?"
Iris "Shut up... Khhh...! I-I, nghhh, will not... hahhh... hnnn..."
She glares at the soldier, enduring the pain welling up inside.
However, the soldier just laughs jovially. He gyrates his hips in a circle to check the condition of her pussy.
Iris "Khhh... uhhh, ghhh... hahhh! Ngh, ngh, hahh... nghhh, nghhhh..."
He mixes around Derek's cum which still fills her pussy.
When she thinks of the horrific sound coming from her own crotch, she wants to cry.
More than anything, the feeling of a man's cock moving around inside of her is unbearably disgusting.
Soldier A "Hehehe, your hips are moving, you know? Do you like having my cock inside of you that much?"
Iris "That's not true... hnn! This unpleasant sensation... is, hnn, gross...! Khhhh... nghhhh, kffff... hnnn!"
Soldier B "Hahahahaha, you still aren't used to cock, so it can't be helped, huh? Well, relax, we'll acclimatize you to it right away."
Iris "What...!? Eh, w-what are you...?"
Suddenly the men around her also remove their pants, exposing Iris's eyes to their crotches.
Iris "Hhhhh... n-no... hnn!?"
The strange spectacle of a forest of cocks makes Iris scream slightly.
Moreover, perhaps because the cocks have been released from their pants, the foul scent of sweat envelops Iris.
Iris "Nahhh, hahh, hahh, hahh, hahhh... hahh..."
Iris's eyes are filled with tears as shallow gasps escape from her mouth.
Soldier C "Don't worry. We're used to dealing with a naive girl like you too."
Soldier B "Yeah, we'll be real gentle."
Iris "B-Bastards, what are you going to do!?"
Iris "Mmm, bah... nghh! Mghhhhhhh!? Ngh, ngh, nghhhhhhh!?"
Suddenly her hair is grabbed, and a foreign object is pushed into her mouth.
The stench of it fills her mind, and her whole body gets goosebumps from the vomit-inducing flavor.
Iris (I-In... my mouth!? I-I... have a man's cock in my mouth...!?)
Iris "Hghhh, gbfffff!? Nghhhhh! Bahhh, bhhh, blckkkkk!?"
Iris "Bahhh, hahhh! Mghhhh!? Hnnn, ughhh, bahhh... blckkkk, bghhhh!?"
Unable to stop the desire to vomit, Iris twists her upper body, letting a mixture of bile and spit escape from her lips.
Soldier C "Hey, you can use your hands too, right?"
Iris "Mmmm, gpfff... bahhhh, gmmm... hbfff, bahhh! N-No... Abfff, nghhhh! Bahhh, bmmm, muah, mgffff!?"
Her arms are tugged, and another soldier's cock is forced into her hand.
The soldier fucking her mouth grabs her head with both hands and gyrates his hips.
Iris "Nghhhh, nghhh, nghhhhh, ughhhhhh!"
Iris (W-What are these men doing...!? They're using a person like some object... hnn...)
They show no concern for Iris and just act for their own sexual desires.
Iris feels more fear that people like them can exist than she does anger.
Soldier A "Ah, good. When I stick my cock into you, your cunt gets real tight again!"
Iris "Nghhhh! Ngh, nghhhh, bahhh, gbfffff!"
The soldier penetrating her slams against her hips.
Iris "Nghhhh, ughhh... eh! Nghhhh, ghhh... I can't... hbhhhh! It's hard to... hnnn!"
Soldier C "Your hands are stopping, you know? Hey, tighten your grip!"
Iris "Sckkkkkkk, muah, sckkkkk, mghhhhh...! Nghhhh, hahhh, nghhhhh, bahhhhh... hnnn!"
Her throat is plowed, her pussy is pierced, and her hand is even stroking a cock.
Her body has been sullied both inside and out with cock.
Her body trembles from the feeling of being violates, and she cries as she thinks she must endure this.
Soldier B "Ahhhh, no... this is too good!"
Iris "Bghhhhhh!? Sckkkk, muah, gbfff, bmmm, nghhhh! Nahhh, habbbffff, kbpfff... hnnn! Ngh, nghhh, nghh, nghhhhhh!?"
The man fucking her throat hastens the speed of his hips and persistently rubs his cock against the lining of her esophagus.
The intense desire to vomit ripples through her esophagus, and bile starts to rise up, burning her throat.
The hand of a soldier prevents her from moving, and she is forced to stroke the raging erection in her hand.
The soldier fucking her pussy just keeps slamming his hips into her, plowing her pussy.
Soldier A "Hey! I'm cumming! Lady Iris! I'm going to be the second person to cum inside of your pussy!"
Iris "Nghhhh!? Nahhh, hahhh, hahh! Nghhh, mmmm! Mgbffff, muah, sckkkkkkk! Mghhhhhh!!"
Iris can only shake her head at the soldier's declaration that he's going to cum in her mouth.
The soldiers' movements get even faster, and both her throat and pussy are burning with pain.
Soldier B "Ohhhh, I'm going to cum! Take it all down your throat!"
Iris "Nghhhhh! Nghhhhh, hahhh...!?"
Splllllrrrrt, gshhh! Bshhhhhhh! Gshhhh, bshhhhh!!")
Iris "Nghhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
After the cock is removed from her throat, cum gushes directly down her esophagus.
His hot seed pours all over her already-defiled womb.
Iris "Gpfffff, ugh, ughhhh... hnnn!!"
Soldier C "Hey, take me too!"
Iris "Nghhhhhhhhh! Hyahhh, no, bahhh... Nooooooooooooo!! Ugh!? Gpffffffffffffff!!"
The soldier forcing her to give a handjob shoots his filthy cum on her face and breasts.
Iris shakes her neck, showing her disgust, but cock and semen fill her mouth, and she can only drown like she's dying.
Iris "Ughhh, gbffff, hahh! Ghhh, pahhh... hnnn! Uh... ghhhh, ugh... ebfffff... hnn!"
Iris "Hahhh... hahhh... nghhh... brppp, nghhh... kffff, nghhh, hahhh... hnnn..."
She feels dizzy from the experience of her whole body being sullied.
Moreover, because of the cock still filling her mouth, she can't even spit out the cum.
Iris "Ghhhh... bhhh, ghhh, nghhh... bahhhh...!?"
She swallows the cum along with her saliva.
She can no longer endure the sensation of the cum clinging to her throat.
Iris (Uhhh, truly... Isn't this going to end already...? Hnn, how long can a human body deal with this... hnnn!)
The cocks in her mouth, pussy, and hands are slowly pulled from her.
As soon as she thinks that they've decided to show her mercy, she hears another voice speak.
Soldier D "Hey, you guys, enough, it's time to switch."
Iris "Hnnn... huh...?"
A dumbfounded groan escapes from Iris's mouth even though it is still full of cock because of the unexpected words.
Iris "Gmmmmmmm! Mmmgffff... hnnn! Gblkkk, muah, sckkkk! Pahhh, muah, ghhh, gmmfffff!"
A different group of soldiers once again tramples over her flesh.
The earlier loads are mixed around inside of her. The soldiers use Iris's throat, pussy, and hands yet again.
The soldiers that have grown tired of waiting start jerking themselves off at the pathetic sight of Iris.
Iris "Gpffff, gbffffff! Hahh, ughhhhhh! Ngpffffff! Sckkkkkkk! Sckkkk, sckkkkkk!"
She struggles to breathe due to the aggressive pounding she is taking.
Iris just hopes for it to end as soon as possible while allowing them to do as they please to her.
Soldier F "Hey, what are you resting for!?"
Bang!")
Iris "Mgffffffff!? Ngpffff, muah, bahhh, nghhhhhhhh!"
The current soldiers have gotten cocky while they waited, so they're acting much more violently than the previous soldiers right off the bat.
One of the soldiers smacks her ass like she were an animal as he sticks his cock into her.
Iris "Ghhhh, ughhh, hahhh! Mmmmm, brppp, uh... gpfffff!!"
A mixture of cum, spit, and bile drips endlessly from her mouth as it is filled with cock.
Opaque, pink bubbles squelch out of her pussy with each thrust.
Soldier E "Hey, what's the matter!? Jerk me off!"
Iris "Gbfffff, unghhh!? Bahhh... hnnn..."
Soldier D "Me too! Stick it deeper into your mouth!"
Iris "Bahhhh, enough already... nghhh, bahhh, ughhh!? Ughhhhh... hnnn!"
He moves his hips back and forth, filling her mouth to its limit.
Pubic hair has gotten into her nostrils, and she feels sick due to the smell and sensation of having a foreign object in her throat, causing her entire upper body to shudder.
Iris "Gack, ugh! Ugh, ghhh, I can't breathe... Nghhh, bah! M-My nose... hnnn! Nghhhh, nghhhh!"
Soldier F "Hahahaha! Good! Tighten that cunt more!"
Bang!!")
Iris "Hghhhhhhhhh!!?"
She writhes due to the difficulty to breathe, and her ass is smacked mercilessly.
Her entire body is pulsating both inside and outside.
Iris "Muah, sckkkk, muah! Mghhhhh! Nghhh, pahhh, mghhh, mnghhh, nghhhh, mmfffff!"
Soldier D "Ohhhh, I'm already going to cum! Drink it all! Don't spill a drop!"
Soldier F "I'm going to cum too! I'll impregnate you with my seed!"
Iris "Gpffffff, gmmffff, hahhh, nghhhhh! Ughhhh... hahhhh, ahhh, noooo... aghhh, gmnghhhh, unghh, nghhh, gnghhhh!"
Her hazy mind is brought back to some level of liveliness by the words impregnate.
The soldiers' cocks burn with the heat of a fire in response to Iris's disgust.
Soldier E "I'm going to cum, oh, ohhhhhh!!"
Iris "Aghhhh, ghhhh, hahhhh! Mahhhh! Hahhh, gahhhh! Hahhhhh!!"
Spllllrrrt, bshhh, bshhhh! Bshhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Nghhhhh! Mnghhhhhhhh!"
Cum explodes in both her throat and her uterus.
She is showered in her musky cum as she groans in pain.
Iris "Gpffff! Mghhh... ughhhhhhh!"
Soldier G "Hey, you're still shooting a lot!"
Spllllrrrt! Bshhhhhh, bshhhhh, bshhhh!!")
Iris "Nghhhhh, nahhhh! Hahhhhh...!!"
It's not just the soldier forcing her to jerk him off but all the soldiers that are jerking themselves off around her also cum all over her.
There is so much cum it drips out from her mouth. A hot load also pelts her womb. It's so unpleasant and horrifying.
But the soldiers show no care as they continue to pour cum into and onto Iris.
Iris "Glpppppp! Hnn, hnnn! Uh... bah... hahhh, hbfff... hahh... pahhh..."
Iris "Hahhh... mffff... hahhh... nghhhh... pahhh... ahhh, nghhh... kfff..."
Soldier D "What do you think you're doing? Make sure to clean up my cock after I cum."
Iris "Mghhhh, sllllrrrrrrp...! Nghhhhh..."
After cumming in her mouth, he uses his cock to coat her tongue in bitter cum.
Soldier E "Don't stop moving your hands. Keep squeezing until every last drop is out."
Iris "Nghhh, nghhh... hahhh... sllllrrrrp... slllllrrrrrp, lckkkk... nghhhh... gack... hnn..."
Iris's mind is still partially vacant as she swallows his load like she has been ordered.
She somehow gets some strength into her fingers and jerks the cock in her hands.
She doesn't even really know what she's doing.
Iris (Ahhhh... End this quickly...)
Continuously hit with their desires, Iris can only obey their wishes.
A new throng of cocks rises before Iris.
Soldier G "Hehehe, then, shall I fuck you next?"
Iris "Hnnn... uh, ah, augh..."
Iris continues to be raped mercilessly.
Her ability to endure and her rage toward the violent soldiers decreases with each filthy load shot into her.
And...
Soldier R "Ah, even such a splendid knight is already useless."
Iris "Mmm, nghhh... ghhhh, pah... hahh... mbfff... uh, bah... hnn..."
The soldiers continue to rape Iris until she is thoroughly spent. They speak on the matter happily.
Iris's eyes lose their light, her body is covered in cum, and she can no longer move satisfactorily.
Soldier R "Hey, she's out of it. We'll clean you up real good in the end."
Iris "Uh... muah, muah... sckkkkkk... hnn..."
Iris kisses the dick pressing against her mouth.
She sucks the cum still remaining in his cock, squeezing her cheeks together.
Iris "Muah... sckkkk... muahhhhh..."
Soldier S "Will you do me too? Won't you tighten that loose cunt of yours?"
Iris "Ngh... nghhh... nghhh... hnn..."
She focuses her strength on her loins, tightening around the cock that is stabbing her crotch.
Iris doesn't even know that she's doing it.
Soldier A "Hehehe, compared to the beginning, she is much more obedient."
Soldier B "Yeah, I think her hands are recovering quickly. Well, just got to fuck them up again."
Iris "Hahhh... hahhh... hahhhh..."
Their laughter is a portent of her dark future.
Iris has completely dissociated.
............
......
...
#02_in022
A soldier is still using Iris like a sex toy after she has lost consciousness as other soldiers are prying open the door to Seraphina's chambers under Derek's watchful eye.
Derek "Hey, you, come over here."
Soldier A "Yes."
A group of soldiers gathers before Derek.
Derek "We're going in."
Soldier A "Yes."
Derek removes a door that was damaged earlier and heads deeper into the passage.
Derek (We're finally here. Isn't this going well?)
Starting with the Principality of Fuksvald, then the Kimia Magician's Guild, then the United Mercantile States of Dull, then the Kingdom of Eldonia, and now at last the Holy Kingdom of Aurelia, all of their foes have been crushed.
But there is one last country that stands in Derek's way.
The Nigramstian Empire... To make the Service Nation his own, he needs a trump card.
The cleansing power of the high elf is deep within this temple. Seraphina is the trump card that Derek needs.
Derek has used all of his power to gain control of the Service Nation, slowly progressing step by step.
Derek "Oh..."
A solemn and wide space opens up at the end of the long, dark passage.
A soft light comes from there. The space is filled with clean air.
The soldiers Derek has brought with him also look around in surprise.
Derek "It seems like this is the place."
There is a dais at the end of the passage.
Derek is alert as he approaches the auspicious dais.
The soldiers panic and follow Derek.
Seraphina ".................."
Derek "This is quite the sight."
Upon the dias, lies a lone woman.
She has radiant white hair and smooth white skin.
She is clearly different from a human. She is truly a divine object created by a divine being.
The girl's eyes are closed. Her fingers are intricately intertwined. They've clearly never seen a speck of filth.
Her voluptuous breasts sway subtly with her breath.
Soldier A "Incredible... This is an elf, right, Commander?"
Derek "More precisely, a high elf. She is the foundation of the Holy Kingdom."
Soldier B "Hahhh... I see..."
The soldiers nod in admiration. As always, there is no hesitancy in their gaze. They don't hide their lust as they run their eyes over the high elf's body.
Soldier C "Hehehe, however, she's really got a beautiful body, huh? I guess that's the way elves are."
Soldier D "Snffff... hehe, she smells like a virgin. No doubt about it."
The soldiers speak vulgarly as they look at Derek with hope in their eyes.
Derek nods, a twisted smile on his face.
Derek "I don't mind. You can wake her up."
Soldier A "Commander! You're the best! Thank you!"
As soon as they get Derek's permission, all of the soldiers reach out to Seraphina's body.
#02_in023h_ser01
Soldier A "Hehehe, incredible! So this is a high elf? This woman feels completely different!"
Six men are satisfying themselves with Seraphina's body.
One of them sucks on her breasts, one of them licks her crotch, and yet another wraps her hair around his own cock. They all just use her as they please.
Soldier B "Touching a sleeping woman like this is so dirty, huh?"
Soldier C "Yeah, hey, how's that? Try putting your dick in her mouth."
Seraphina "Ngh..."
A soldier rubs his foul-smelling erection against Seraphina's lips.
Her brow wrinkles, turning her face away.
Soldier A "Hahahah, it's like she's saying she doesn't like your foul-smelling cock! Alright, too bad. I'll console you."
The soldier sucking on her tits laughs, squeezes her tits hard, and nibbles on her pale pink nipples.
Seraphina "Khhh... ngh, hahh... hnn..."
Soldier B "Oh, the softness of her hands is incredible."
Soldier C "Oh, open your lips a little more. You need to try harder."
The soldier says that as he presses his blackish-red cock against her pretty white teeth.
The precum oozing out of her runs down Seraphina's mouth like it were drool.
Soldier D "Geez, what can you do? Then, shall I show you my technique here?"
A soldier is sniffing her pussy from between her legs.
A soldier breathes in deeply before sucking on Seraphina's crotch.
Seraphina "Kffff, hnghhhh... ah, aughhh, hnn... hahhh..."
The soldier stimulates Seraphina's labia with her teeth, twisting her tongue into her slightly opened pussy.
He covers her slit with his wide open mouth, creating vulgar sucking sounds.
The wrinkle in Seraphina's brow deepens and sighs start to come from her mouth.
Soldier A "Oh, her nipples are also getting erect... Muah, sckkk, muah!"
Seraphina "Ngh... hnnn, hahh, hahh, hnnn... kffff... hnn..."
Her hard nipples are sucked into his mouth.
Seraphina's hands and legs twist in agony.
Her eyes open slightly as she feels the need for air.
Soldier C "Oh, good! Hey... just a little more!"
The soldier rubbing his cock against her teeth and lips gets harder and harder.
The soldier shoves his rock-hard erection into Seraphina's mouth without reservation.
Seraphina "Mghhhhhh... nghhhh, nghhhh... hnnn!"
His cock finally enters her mouth, Seraphina's body bounces, and her eyelids begin to twitch.
Soldier B "Oh? Is she finally waking up?"
Soldier C "I'm sorry, I can't wait any longer!"
The soldier that stuck his dick into her mouth quickly reaches his limit due to the heat and softness of her oral cavity.
Seraphina "Nghhh...! Nghhh, khhh, nghhhh... hnnn..."
As soon as he pulls it from Seraphina's mouth, cum erupts from his cock.
Her face is bathed in his hot juices and Seraphina shakes her head in displeasure.
He cums all the more because she's making that face.
Seraphina "Nghhh, hahhh... hahhhh... uh, nghhh..."
Soldier E "Hey, aren't you cumming too quickly?"
Soldier C "No way! It felt much better and was much hotter than I thought!"
The soldier with his dick in her hair laughs at the other soldier's retort.
They certainly thought that Seraphina would wake up, but her eyelids are still firmly closed.
Soldier F "Enough of your excuses, just switch quickly. I'll wake up the sleeping princess."
Soldier C "Hmph, if you explode after saying that, you'll make me laugh."
The soldier complains as he swaps with the other soldier.
The soldier that swaps in opens Seraphina's mouth with his own hand before shoving his entire cock into it.
Seraphina "Ngh, ngh, nghhh... pah, bahhh, nghhh, ngh, bahhh... hnnn..."
The soldier doesn't just stick his dick in her mouth, he also starts humping, fucking Seraphina's mouth.
Having even her throat fucked, Seraphina's body flails wildly.
Saliva naturally secretes due to the foreign object penetrating her oral cavity.
The soldier makes obscene sounds with his dick by sliding it across Seraphina's saliva.
Seraphina "Muah, bghhhh, mnghh...! Ngh, pahhh, hmmm, nghhh, sckkkk, sckkkk..."
Possibly because she is struggling to breathe, Seraphina's eyelids begin to tremble more than before.
Her hand naturally tightens its grip around the cock found with its grasp.
Soldier A "Oh, nice. Then, I won't lose either!"
The soldiers sucking on her breasts and crotch pick up the pace of their movements.
Her pointy nipples catch between his teeth, and he slides his teeth up and down them in a manner so as to not cause pain.
At her crotch, her labia are pulled apart to reveal the inside of her pussy. Looking at the red walls of her pussy, he stretches his tongue out to stick it inside.
He runs his tongue around the inside of her pussy in a circular motion, causing Seraphina's hips to shake in seeming irritation.
Seraphina "Khhh... nghhhh, hahhh... ngh, sckkkk, nghhh, bahhh, bahhhh... hnn!"
Seraphina's body constricts, and her hand pulls away.
A soldier stops it and readjusts her grip around his cock.
The soldier using her hair coats it with his precum, allowing him to move his cock all the faster.
Seraphina "Hnn...! Khhh, nghhh, muah, nghhh! Pahhh, pahhh, mmmm...!"
Soldier A "Heheheheh, it seems like she is waking up. I look forward to seeing what kind of face she makes!"
Soldier F "Sorry! I'm going to cum before that happens!"
Soldier C "Hahh? Didn't I tell you!?"
The soldier fucking Seraphina's mouth without worrying about the stupefied state of the soldiers around him. He just keeps humping.
Seraphina pants because she struggles to breathe. Her tongue, teeth, and lips rub unintentionally against the soldier's cock.
The soldier uses her tongue to rub the head of his cock. It brings him so much pleasure that his hips shake.
Soldier F "Right. Good! I'll give her a reward!"
Seraphina "Nghhhh! Bahhh, mmm, mghhhh!"
The soldier screams about his pleasure, sticking his dick deeper into Seraphina's throat.
Seraphina's whole body arches upward on the dias.
Seraphina "Mmmmmmmmm... hnnn! Nghhhh, ghhhhh... pahhh, ngh, nghhh, ngh, blrppp... bahhhhhhh... hnnn!"
A huge load of cum gushes directly down Seraphina's throat.
There is enough cum to block her esophagus. It clings to her throat, but she unconsciously swallows it.
Soldier F "Ohhh, incredible...! She's drinking it while sleeping...! Hey, let her drink some more!"
Splllllrrrrrt! Gshhhh, bshhhhhhhh!!")
Seraphina "Nghhh, hmnghhhhh...! Nghhh, pahhh, ngh, nghhhhhhhh!!"
His cock bounces wildly inside her throat, scraping along the lining of it.
In addition, more cum gushes out of him, and Seraphina's brow wrinkles even more as she writhes in agony.
Seraphina "Nghhhh, nghh... kafff, kaff, nghh... nghhh, hahh, ahhh... nghhh, kfff... hnnn..."
She somehow swallows the cum as it clings to her throat. She occasionally coughs some of it up as well before her breathing can normalize.
Her dainty neck moves again to swallow the mixture of cum and spit in her mouth.
The scene is incredibly obscene.
Soldier C "You've got no room to talk."
Soldier A "Whatever, isn't it fine? But didn't you think she'd definitely wake up?"
In reality, comparing Seraphina's hands and shoulders to before they began, she is trembling much more frequently.
It's like she's tossing about in her sleep.
But her eyelids still do not open.
Soldier G "Then, I'll deliver the finishing blow."
Another soldier sticks his dick into her mouth.
Soldier G "Oh, it's gotten all slimy."
Seraphina "Ngh...! Ngh, hnn, kaff, kafff...!"
The soldier smiles as he uses his own cock to spread cum across Seraphina's face.
Having pushed cum all the way up to her nostril, Seraphina chokes and coughs.
Her eyelids can be seen to be slightly open.
Soldier C "Oh? It seems like she's already getting up."
Soldier A "Alright! Then, I'll take a breather!"
The soldiers exchange glances and nod to one another with wicked smiles on their faces.
Seraphina "Sckkkkk, gpffff! Muah, muah, nghhh, gpffff, muah, sckkkkk!"
An erect cock moves in and out of Seraphina's parted lips.
With each thrust, a mixture of cum and spit spills out from Seraphina's mouth.
Seraphina "Nghhhh!? Mghhh, nghh, nghhhhhhh!"
The soldier sucking on her crotch slurps forcefully on her exposed clit.
Seraphina's back bends at the stimulation, causing her hips to bounce.
Seraphina "Hghhhhhhh, mmm, nahhhh... hnn! Mm, nghh, pahhh, pahhhhhhhh!"
The soldier sucking on her breasts pulls up hard on her nipples with his teeth.
Seraphina shakes her head as though to show her disapproval at the pain winning out over the pleasure.
But her head is held in place by the soldier fucking her mouth, and he shoves his cock deeper into her mouth.
Seraphina "Nghhhhh...!? Nghhh, nghhhhh, ghhh, nghhh, pahhh, sckkkk!"
The head of his cock is like a large umbrella. It thrusts deep down her throat.
A huge amount of spit comes reflexively from deep within her throat.
The threads of spit are mixed around aggressively, and Seraphina's eyelids twitch powerfully.
Soldier F "Oh? Has she finally woken up?"
Seraphina blinks as though she can hear the soldier's voice.
Seraphina "Nghhhhhhhh!? Nghhh, mmmmm!?"
Seraphina (W-What...!? What in the world is happening!? T-These people...!?)
Seraphina panics at the events she awakes to.
When she awakens, she is being ravaged by unknown soldiers.
Seraphina tries to get up and away.
Soldier B "Hey, what do you think you're doing letting go of my cock?"
Seraphina "Nghhhhh!? Mghhh, nahhh, ahhhh... ngh, kfffffff!"
He grips his cock powerfully, trying to lift her body.
The feeling of the hot and hard flesh spreads slimy precum on her hands, causing her to tremble in fear.
Seraphina "Nghhh? Hahh, nghhh... My hair, ahhh... bahhh, nghbffff, bahhhhh!"
Even Iris's hair which has often been praised as beautiful is being used as a tool for jerking off cocks.
Her body trembles uncontrollably at the unimaginable situation.
Soldier A "Hahahah, I'm so happy I'm going to cry! Experiencing such joy makes me grateful that I was born a man!"
Soldier G "Then, we have to give her a lot of cum!"
Seraphina "Gbffff, sckkkk, sckkkk! Sckkkk, sckkkkkkk, sckkkk!"
Seraphina's mouth is pounded like a pussy, so she can't help but struggle to breathe.
A foul scent comes off the cum on her face, but she isn't given a chance to wipe it away.
Seraphina (Where in the world did these people come from...!? Could it be that Iris...!?)
The soldiers reflected in her slightly opened eyes look back down at her. They all have great physiques.
The instant she sees their cold smiles, her heart grows cold.
Soldier D "Oh? Her cunt is suddenly squeezing. Are you going to cum from being drowned in cock?"
Soldier B "Gyahahahah! The noble high elf seems to enjoy our work!!"
Seraphina "Sckkkkk, pahhh, bahhh, bghhh, muah! Mmmm, nghhhh, mbpfffff!"
The soldiers are nearing their limits themselves. They rub their cocks against Seraphina, pleased with her reactions.
The cock in her hand, the one in her mouth, and the one in her hair pulsate wildly without care.
Seraphina "Slllllrrrrrp...!? Lckkkkkk... nghhhh, hahhh... nghhhh, kpffff... sllllrrrrrp...!?"
The rod in her mouth makes obscene noises from rubbing against her lips. And a tongue pounds her pussy even deeper.
Her whole body is taken over by sensations she's never felt until now as her brain is pushed to its limit.
The soldiers' screams reach her even though all of her bodily sensations seem lost to her.
Soldier G "Alright, I'm going to cum! Swallow it all!"
Soldier B "Me too! I'm going to cum all over you!"
Seraphina "Nghhhhh...! Mghhhhh, sckkkk, sckkkkkkkkk!"
She can feel the cock piercing her oral cavity swelling larger.
The heat of the other cocks increases in an instant.
Spllllrrrrrt, bshhhh! Bshhhhh, bshhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Kffffff... nghhhh! Nghhhhhh...!!"
Cum is shot into her mouth, onto her face, and onto her hair.
The musky scent envelops her, giving her goosebumps.
Of course, the taste is disgusting and bitter, overpowering her senses. It's like she's been punched in the brain.
Seraphina (Ah, ahhhhhhh, this... This, ahhh... I... I...!!)
The overwhelming sense of defilement causes her entire body to shudder and bounce wildly.
Every muscle in her body constricts to reject these men.
Soldier D "Hahahahah! Look, she's cumming!"
Soldier E "What a slutty high elf!"
Seraphina "Nghhhhh... nghhhh! Nghhhhh... hnnn! Hahhh, ngh... ngh... nghhhhhhh... hnnnn..."
The soldiers mock Seraphina as they persistently rub their cocks against her, smearing their cum.
Her beautiful skin is covered in a layer of their jizz, and it gives off a foul musk.
Seraphina groans with despair as she realizes what is happening to her.
Seraphina "Pahh... kaff, brppp, kaff... pahhh, ngh, ughh... gack, gack... hnn..."
The cock that was filling her mouth is finally pulled out, and Seraphina coughs and gasps.
Seraphina burps, and the cum that was forced down to her stomach climbs back up her esophagus.
The soldiers point and laugh at Seraphina as she chokes with tears in her eyes.
Seraphina "Gack, gack, hnn, pahh... oh, hnn, kfff, ngh... hahh, hahh, ngh... hahh, hahh..."
She spits out the saliva and cum that has welled up in her mouth while looking up.
The sticky fluid dangles from her mouth and down her neck. It is a disgusting sensation.
Seraphina notices the gold gazes landing on her despite her hazy state of mind.
Seraphina "You..."
Derek "You are the Holy Kingdom's high elf, Seraphina, yes? I am Derek Rondo. I'm your owner."
The man named Derek smiles.
Seraphina grasps what has happened to her in those words.
The Holy Kingdom has been defeated by the Service Nation.
............
......
...
#02_in024
Seraphina "The fact that you are here... means that the capital has fallen, right?"
After Seraphina is released by the soldiers, she is thrown a rage to wipe herself off. It is at that point that she questions Derek.
A sinister smile is visible on Derek's mouth.
Derek "Yes, that's right. If you go to the surface, you will see a city on fire."
Seraphina "What...?"
The blood drains from Seraphina's face as she gasps.
When she thinks of the people caught in the violence, she feels a stabbing pain in her chest.
Seraphina looks up at Derek's huge body as she supports herself.
Seraphina "Has the battle already been decided? I won't fight you now. So please somehow... save my people in the capital."
Derek "That is an absurd request. I have seized this crummy capital, but there are still idiots that are resisting. It cannot end until they've been dealt with."
Seraphina "That's..."
Seraphina is immediately brought incapable of speech at Derek's cold attitude.
She feels that there is no doubt that this man will kill everybody who resists him.
Seraphina (Everybody is still fighting because I'm here... In that case...)
Seraphina presses her hand to her chest, takes a deep breath, and looks up at Derek.
Seraphina "I will convince the people that are resisting. So please somehow stop fighting."
Derek "Oh...?"
Seraphina "I have never appeared before my people until now. But when they see me and hear my voice, the people of this country will surely believe me."
Seraphina "I will formally surrender. So please somehow bring this to an end."
Seraphina knows that her voice is trembling.
She is not the one who built this country. It is her people who gathered in belief of her that created this country.
But she also wonders if her decision to surrender will not be seen as a betrayal.
However, she can't see any other method to be saved.
Seraphina (I'm sorry... Iris...)
Seraphina apologizes internally to her trusted friend who fought more desperately than anybody.
Derek can be heard laughing quietly.
Derek "Good. I will take you up on this offer."
Seraphina "Hnn..."
Seraphina unconsciously gulps at the sight of Derek's wicked smile.
She almost feels like she's been caught in a trap.
But when she thinks that, she cannot see any other method to save the capital and the people there without making a declaration of defeat.
Derek "The preparations have been made. Shall we begin soon?"
The Service Nation's soldiers can be seen setting down something like armor.
Seraphina understands that it is a magic device. It can contact those outside and display her image.
Derek is well-prepared because he intended to use it from the very beginning.
Seraphina "............"
Derek "What's the matter? Hurry up."
Seraphina tries to walk forward at Derek's encouragement, but she suddenly feels her heart gripped with unease.
She wonders if Iris is still fighting even now and if he will allow it.
Her chest feels tight, and it gets hard to breathe.
Seraphina "Is Iris... safe?"
Derek "She's still safe for now. But I think you'd best hurry."
Seraphina (Hnnn, ahhh, Iris...!)
From the way Derek speaks, Seraphina surmises that Iris is already defeated.
And surely...
Seraphina's chest hurts at the thought of what misery Iris is enduring.
Seraphina (It will... definitely come to an end...)
Seraphina wipes away her tears, prepares herself, and follows behind Derek to the magic device.
#02_in025h_ser02
Iris "Uh... ngh, ahh..."
Soldier A "Hey, how long are you going to sleep? The commander has something interesting to show you, so wake up."
Iris "Augh... ghhh, uhhh... hnn..."
Iris was brought outside of the temple to get fucked by the soldiers that were waiting.
Her body and mind are in tatters after the successive gang rapes.
Iris is collapsed on the ground. A soldier grabs her by the hair and forces her to her feet.
Soldier B "Ugh, she's filthy. Hey, get up already."
Iris "Khhhh..."
Her whole body is heavy like lead. Her eyelids immediately seem to droop.
Iris raises her face to the pain of having her hair tugged, though.
Iris "What...?"
There is something large projected in the sky above her.
Her exhausted mind and body cannot immediately comprehend its true nature.
She just looks up in a daze.
Iris "Eh...?"
A doubt bears fruit before long.
Her beleaguered mind is slowly returning to her.
Iris's mind is forced to awaken by not just the image but the voice that she hears.
Seraphina "Everyone, it is the first time you're seeing me... I'm Seraphina Rentoit. The high elf that protects the Holy Kingdom of Aurelia..."
Of course, it is not just Iris who sees this image.
The people within the capital and the soldiers and mercenaries still fighting are also drawn to the image of Seraphina and listen to her voice.
It is the first time they've seen Seraphina. The people wail and fall to their knees in prayer.
The image of her with her pussy exposed and in the embrace of the Service Nation's general symbolizes their defeat.
Rather than making them angry, this sight does as Derek aimed and tears their will to fight from them.
With the exception of one----Iris.
Iris "What...!? S-Sera...!!?"
She quickly tries to get up, but her body has no strength, so she falls face-first to the ground.
But worry takes Iris's face.
Iris "Why...? Why Sera...!? St-Stop...! Don't touch Sera!!"
Soldier B "Shut up! Just watch quietly!"
Iris "Agh...!?"
Suddenly, a soldier kicks her in the ribs from the side.
She grimaces from the pain, but she doesn't take her eyes off the image of Seraphina in the sky.
She can easily imagine what is going to happen before it does.
Iris "Sera, wait...! I'm...!"
She desperately tries to get up while pinned down by a soldier.
She feels like Seraphina looks directly into her eyes.
Seraphina's pupils shake with embarrassment.
Before Iris calls out, Seraphina opens her mouth.
Seraphina "I-I... controlled this country for a long time... as a high elf..."
Iris "W-What...!? What are you saying, Sera...!? Sera!?"
She calls out loudly, but Seraphina doesn't react.
It's like her image is only being sent.
Seraphina "I have pride... in the bounty of... this country..."
Seraphina "But... in the north... a much more powerful country was born... I-I was... jealous... hnn..."
Seraphina "I was jealous of the Service Nation's... majesty..."
Seraphina chokes out the words asking for forgiveness.
Derek pushes Seraphina's legs open wider, urging her crotch to shake.
Seraphina's crotch is expanded as wide as it can in the image. It's clear that her body is constricting with worry.
Seraphina's confession continues.
Seraphina "I made the knights... and Iris... start the war... because of that..."
Iris "That's...! There's no way that can be!!"
Soldier B "Won't you shut up? You want to be fucked again, don't you?"
Iris "Gffff... hnnn..."
The soldier once again kicks her in the side.
It's like Iris is not aware of the pain.
It is clear to her that Seraphina is being forced to make a false confession.
Iris's face looks like it's going to burst into tears.
Seraphina "It was all my ambition... My ambition to s-subjugate the world... for the high elves..."
Seraphina "However, this stupid plan... was cut down by a just blade. As you all know, the alliance has been destroyed... I-I've also... hnn..."
Seraphina "Because of my stupid ambition... many lives... were lost... I should be executed... for what I have done..."
Seraphina "The army of the Service Nation and their lead general... Lord Derek... hnn... have allowed me to live and s-serve as a whore from now on..."
Iris "Ahhh... Sera... Sera... hnn!!"
Iris has had enough. She looks up at Seraphina, wanting to scream that she needn't say any more.
But Iris's prayers don't reach anybody.
Seraphina lifts her own legs to emphasize her crotch.
Seraphina "As proof... I will give my virginity... to Lord Derek now... I ask you all... to please watch carefully... hnn..."
Iris "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh...!"
Iris loses it and screams at Seraphina's trembling smile.
Iris cannot hear it, but the capital is filled with people crying in the same manner.
The people and soldiers of the Holy Kingdom cannot believe what Seraphina is saying.
She laments her own uselessness and feels sorry for Seraphina having to take responsibility for their defeat.
Seraphina "Hahh, hahh... hahhhhh..."
Seraphina's shoulders move up and down as she breathes. Her false confession is finally finished.
She wonders what her people... and what Iris think after hearing this confession.
Her heart hurts just imagining it.
But Seraphina's tragedy has only just begun.
Derek "That was a good performance. The people in the capital will probably finish things up soon."
Seraphina "Hnn, kfff... I-It's hot... uhhh..."
She groans, her voice trembling.
An overwhelming amount of heat is pressed against her ass.
Even without experience, she knows what it is.
Derek "Well, let's get started."
Seraphina "Y-Yes... understood... hnn..."
She audibly gulps.
If she were honest, she'd admit that she felt overwhelming fear and shame over what is to be done now.
But there is no room to hesitate.
Seraphina (Iris...)
The girl that loved her and believed in her...
If she refused, Iris would be forced to take her place.
That alone had to be avoided.
Seraphina slowly moves her hand behind her and undoes Derek's pants.
Seraphina "Hnn... hahh, hahh, nghh, hahh..."
She unconsciously gulps at the feeling of his forcefully bouncing cock.
She can't believe it is really a human's cock.
Her heart continues to pound in both uneasiness and fear.
But that is all she can do.
Seraphina looks at the magic device projecting her stupidity. She sews together humiliating words.
Seraphina "Now! I... will now..."
Her lip won't stop quivering, and she ceases speaking.
Tears come to her eyes, and she can't stop blinking.
Seraphina once again looks down and takes a deep breath.
Seraphina "I... My... cunt... ngh... khhh... Derek's splendid cock is pressing against my cunt..."
She rushes through the latter half of her dialogue.
Tears ooze from her eyes at her first experience speaking indecent words.
The thought of this being seen throughout the country and by Iris feels like her heart is being torn from her chest.
But she knows that it still has hardly started.
Seraphina breathes deeply again, and her trembling voice from earlier continues.
Seraphina "Now... glppp, this giant cock... will break through... m-my hymen... that I've protected for five hundred years..."
Seraphina "Uh... Lord Derek... I'm sorry that I'm so... novice..."
Seraphina "Go ahead. Lord Derek... bless me... with your manly cock...!"
Derek's cock pushes against her crotch.
Her hips tremble from the heat and hardness.
Derek smiles behind Seraphina.
Derek "Good. Don't you have a wonderful attitude for having your hymen broken?"
Seraphina "Ngh...!"
His hot cock presses hard against her crotch.
Her closed labia are spread open.
Derek embraces her tightly from behind. She is completely out of breath.
Seraphina "Hghhhhhh... ghhh, kahhhhhhhhh!!"
The pain of having her flesh torn apart burns in her crotch.
Unable to keep herself from screaming, she looks up and hollers in pain.
It's like her legs are being torn from their sockets. An unending pain erupts from her crotch to her brain.
But she is made aware right away that the real pain hasn't come yet.
Seraphina "Ughhhh!? Ah, ahhh, hahh, hahh, hhh... hghhhhh!?"
She pulls away her body thinking that his cock is already as far in as it can get, but he just thrusts deeper.
Her torn hymen is pushed on more, rubbing on her wound as his long cock continues to invade her body.
Seraphina "Aghhh, ah, ah, ahhh... nahhhhhhh!!"
She screams loudly at the powerful force shaking her entire body from below.
Her crotch burns with intense pain.
But she feels Derek stop moving, and her eyes open wide in fear.
Seraphina "Kffff, kfffff... hahhhh, hahhh, hahhh, hahhh... kffff... hahhh! Hahh, nghhhh, hahh... hnnn..."
She looks down at her own crotch to check on her wound. Her eyes burst wide open at the sight of it.
Her labia have been pulled open so wide that she can hardly believe it. She's taking the entirety of his huge dong.
Just moving even a little causes sounds of flesh tearing.
The pupils of her wide-open eyes shake at the wretched scene before them, and her lip shudders.
Seraphina "I-I... uhhh, I really... hnn..."
Derek "Ahh, all of your people have seen you lose your virginity. Of course that includes Iris. You're happy, aren't you?"
Seraphina "Hghhh...! Nghh, hahh, hahhh, hahh... uh, khhh, uhhh... hnnn..."
At the prompting of Derek's words, she looks at the magic device before looking away again in a panic.
When she thinks of the many citizens she's never met and, above all, Iris seeing her like this, she wants to just disappear.
Her heart rate increases to the point that she can hear it with her own ears.
In time with the beating of her heart, a strong pain comes from her tearing crotch.
The pain is enough to make her think that her legs are being torn from their sockets, and she loses all strength in them.
Derek "How long do you intend to act like this? You don't want to thank those that have watched you lose your virginity?"
Seraphina "Ughhhh... nghhhh, kfff, nghhh... ah, ahh, understood, hnnn... hnnn!"
Derek slowly gyrates his hips to satisfy Seraphina's pussy.
His thick, long cock touches every inch of her vagina, and the hot pain spreads down to her toes, causing her to kick the air.
Within the pain, Seraphina somehow raises her face and gazes into the mirror of the magic device.
Seraphina "H-Have you... watched?"
The mirror connects to the outside, projecting the sight of her panting in pain with a cock fully immersed in her pussy.
When she thinks of being seen like this, her heart just beats faster.
But Seraphina speaks her embarrassing words.
Seraphina "Now, Lord Derek's thick... his tremendously thick, hnn... c-cock... is in my virgin... hnnn..."
Seraphina "My virgin... hnnn... virgin, hnn... pussy... The entire length of his shaft is stabbing through me... hnn..."
Seraphina "Ngh, ghhh... Lord Derek... has taken this cruel high elf's virginity... I'm really thankful... hnnn..."
Each word feels like it is stabbing her in the heart.
It feels like everything precious to her is being trampled over.
But Iris must endure this humiliation. She just tries her best to smile given the situation.
Seraphina "How was that...? Uh, khhh... L-Lord Derek, hnn... y-your cock... is it satisfied...?"
Derek "It's still a long time before that'll happen. It's just getting harder. Your virgin hole is too uncomfortable."
Seraphina "Ghhhh, hahhh! Nghhhhhh...! I'm sorry... hnn!"
Derek speaks as he moves his hips happily.
Seraphina continues to cry and plead as she endures the pain and heat spreading from her loins.
Seraphina "Then, could you... please somehow train my virgin... pussy... with your cock... to be a decent whore... Lord Derek..."
Seraphina "Please gift me with the knowledge... of your cum in my w-womb... and the shape of your cock... in my mind... uhhh... Lord Derek...!"
Derek "I guess there's no other choice. If I denied your request, that'd make me a bad man."
Seraphina "Nghhhhhhh...! Nghhh, nghhh, nghhhhhh!!"
Seraphina's huge breasts shake as she takes his rapid thrusting from below.
The humiliating broadcast continues as the pain of her breasts being pulled on adds to the pain of having her pussy plowed.
Seraphina "Aghhh, hghhh, unghhh! E-Everybody... can, nghhh, ahhh... you see...!?"
Seraphina "Nghhhhh, hnnn, hahhh! Hahhh, ahhh, now... cock is... Kfff, nahhh! E-Erect cock is----!"
Seraphina "Lord Derek's erect cock is----kahhh!?h Aghhh, ungh, nghhhh! nahhh, hahhh, ahhh, my...! My----!"
Seraphina "It's going in and out of m-my pussy, nghhh...!"
Fresh blood comes from her crotch and to reduce the pain a little pussy juice is secreted as though confirming Seraphina's words, creating sticky noises.
Just hearing the noise leaves all to think that they both must be enjoying themselves.
Seraphina continues to speak in a manner to confirm such a notion.
Seraphina "Nghhhhhh! Ahhhh, ahhhhhh, it's so deep, khhhh! When I'm penetrated deeply... my womb is pressed on, hnnn... it feels so good... Ghhhh, hhhhhh!"
Seraphina "Oh, ohhhhh! W-When it's pulled out... t-the huge head... scrapes along the walls of my pussy... I-It feels unbearably pleasurable... hnn!"
Seraphina "Haghhh, ngh... ngh, ahhhh! Yes, uhhh... Lord Derek... hnn! Please give me more cock... Fuck me even faster... hnn!"
She cries endlessly more from the wretchedness of the situation rather than pain.
However, she shakes her own hips, putting the blame for her humiliation as her fault as well.
Her pussy takes his cock and tightens around it as each thrust brings her great pain and stretches her pussy more.
Seraphina "Ngh, ughhhhh... Lord Derek! Please pour your cum... your seed... into my pussy...!"
Derek "Even though you just lost your virginity, aren't you quite good at begging?"
Shllllllllllk! Shllllllllllllk!")
Seraphina "Ghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!? Kah, kahhh!? Kahhhhh... aghhhh, gah, gah... haghhhhhhhhhhh!?"
The force is enough to go straight to her head. It doesn't stop even once. It just keeps going and going.
Seraphina's eyes open wide at the overwhelming feeling, and she screams.
Seraphina "Gahhhh, ah, ahhhhhhh! It's so deep! Nghhhhh, hhhhh, ghhhhh!? Aughhhhhhhhhh!!"
His earlier rhythm seems to have not been enough, so he thrusts even faster.
It's just burning hot.
Seraphina pants from the pain as she looks down at her crotch because she is hit with the thought that her loins are really on fire.
Seraphina "Ahhh, ahhh, ahhhh!? Gahhhhhhhhh! It's so intense! Ughhh, ungh, ungh, nghhhh, nahhhhhhhhhh!"
The shock to her flesh and to her vision layer on top of one another, causing her whole body to bend within Derek's arms.
Derek's cock hits and pierces through her own core.
Her hips drop in fear as her burning pain grows greater.
Seraphina "Hahhhhhh! This can't keep continuing! I, ahhhhh, don't know... oh, ohhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Derek "Good. Remember this! What you are feeling is the pleasure of being a slut!"
Seraphina "Hghhhhhhh! Ughhh, ahhhhhhh, ahhh! Hahhhhh, I can't take it any longer... Ahhhh, quickly! I-I-I'm being torn to shreds!"
Seraphina's eyes open wide and are filled with tears at the shock of her womb and brain being shaken directly.
She is attacked by the feeling that her own small ship is being grabbed by some gigantic hand and dragged to the bottom of the ocean at once.
Seraphina "This is already----! Ahhhhhhh! Ah, aghhh, ahhhhhh! I-I----!"
Derek "Good, Seraphina! I'll make you cum by shooting a load inside of you, so thank me!"
Seraphina "Khhh, khhhhhhhhh, hahhhh! Oh, ohhhhh! C-Cum quickly...! Nahhhh, ahhhh, please hurry up and come to bring this to an end...!"
His cock swells larger, harder, and hotter as her body takes his cock deeper.
Seraphina's long hair flips about at the sensation of having her whole body skewered. She just runs her vulgar mouth as she screams.
Seraphina "Please cum! Break my pussy, Lord Derek! Quickly hit me with the final blow of your load! Impregnate me and finish this!!"
Derek "Ahh, good! I'll give it to you now!"
After Derek's powerful proclamation, he pulls Seraphina's body closer.
Seraphina's body dances from having his cock piercing deep into her.
Spllllrrrrrrrrt! Gshhhhhh! Gshhhhhh! Gshhhh, bshhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Nghhhhhhhhh!? Hahhhhh!? Hghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
A hot wad of cum shoots from the head of his dick as it presses against her cervix.
Her womb is filled with cum in an instant, and her back spasms wildly.
Seraphina "Nooooooooo! It's hot! Nahhhhh, you're cumming inside of me!"
Splllllrrrrt, bshhhhh! Bshhhhh! Bshhh, bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Seraphina "Ghhhhhhhh!? Hghhhhh, aughhhhhhh...!!"
Derek still has his dick balls deep inside of Seraphina as it pulsates constantly.
Seraphina screams to the point that she loses her voice. She takes his seed, greatly humiliating her.
Seraphina "Ah, ahhhhhh! Enough already! I'm already full... Nahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Both of her legs kick forcefully in the air.
Her whole body spasms as she pants desperately, her body losing all strength.
With his still-huge cock inside of her, she is projected to the masses. A large amount of semen squelches out of her.
Iris can't take it and averts her eyes. No matter what, no matter what is sacrificed, she wanted to protect Seraphina. But she couldn't.
Iris can do nothing but cry over her own uselessness.
............
......
...
SL001
#03_sl001
The countries that were a part of the Holy Alliance have all fallen under the Service Nation.
The Holy Alliance was formed to show the vile nation what justice is and to save the world. With the Holy Kingdom defeated, there is no hope left.
There is nobody to take over their sublime mission.
There is nobody to stop the Service Nation... or Derek.
The western area of Serenus is under the complete control of the Service Nation.
Derek goes through all the nations he conquered, waving the flag of the Service Nation's victory.
When he passes through each country, all of the captured leaders are put on display.
The people lament their own uselessness at not being able to save the girls. All hope of victory has been thoroughly crushed out of them.
Derek mercilessly attacks the powerless citizenry.
His army plunders, kidnaps girls, and gets drunk on booze.
The young men are attracted by the strength of the Service Nation. The despicable adults follow after the marching army, taking what the soldiers leave behind.
Their numbers swell until the army led by Derek finally reaches the capital of the Service Nation.
Citizen A "Hey, come! Come on!"
Citizens "Ohhhhhhh... hnnn!!!"
Drums and trumpets sound along with their marching steps.
The capital is filled with so much cheering that the other sounds are almost drowned out.
It is a march of victory.
The one leading the march is Derek clad in shiny black armor.
The cheers get louder.
Six large horses drag carts behind them with crucifixes.
Those bound to them are, of course, the beautiful maidens from each nation.
They're displayed in a manner to emphasize their exposed breasts and crotches. The citizens of the Service Nation see all that they have.
Citizen B "Hahhhh, is that the rumored high elf...? Hehehehe, her cunt is particularly attractive."
Seraphina "Hnn..."
There are numerous men, filled with lust and staring daggers at their crotches and breasts.
Seraphina's complexion grows pale at being assailed with their dark thoughts and overwhelmingly wicked feelings.
Iris "Ahh, Sera...! Shit...!"
Iris continues to resist uselessly against her bindings in an attempt to get Seraphina.
But of course, they're not something that can be broken by human hands.
No matter how much she struggles, the citizens of the Service Nation just point and laugh at her pathetic image.
Citizen C "Look, girl! Shake them hips! Hey, if you want my cock that much, I'll give it to you! Hyahahahah!"
Iris "S-Shut up...! Who would...!?"
Iris bares her teeth in anger. The citizens high five and laugh at the sight.
They're pelted with their sexual desires and mockery as the victory march continues.
Citizen D "Hey, look at that! Isn't that a dark elf!?"
Mistiora "............"
A big uproar starts over the sight of Mistiora.
But Mistiora just gazes at the people filling the street with cold eyes.
Citizen E "You've got some huge tits, lady! Shake a bit and show off your stuff!"
Astrid "Idiots..."
Citizen F "Hey, beastwoman! Spread that loose pussy wider! You'll be disciplined a lot with some human dick!"
Kohaku "The people of the Service Nation are utterly..."
Astrid and Kohaku groan in exhaustion.
They know that they can't do anything against them, but they let out groans at their vulgar comments.
Eleonora "My... My actions were all just useless..."
Eleonora feels pain at the present situation of the Service Nation as the citizens are exposed just as she was.
Not a single citizen shows any sympathy for the girls. Rather they happily hit them with their filthy desires.
Eleonora wanted to correct this twisted country. But that is now an unachievable desire.
Eleonora is filled with dark thoughts as she is pulled through the streets again on the back of a cart.
Mel Mel "How dare they make me do something like this for free!"
Of course, it is something she would refuse even for a lot of money.
But Mel Mel is just trying to distract herself from feelings of satisfaction with that.
Citizen G "Hey! What're you makin' that face about!? Can't you smile more!?"
Citizen H "You too! Shake your hips more!"
The lust of the Service Nation's citizens seethes and explodes without a single thought of the girls' feelings.
They know that the parade isn't over.
It has only just begun.
The beautiful maidens will be turned into whores and be usable by the citizens.
Ladomira "It went well, Derek. You have my praise."
Derek "I'm honored."
Ladomira meets Derek in a good mood because of his absolute victory.
Derek acts in feigned politeness just as he did in all of his intermittent battle reports.
Ladomira "So? You've gathered cocks from each country, right?"
Derek "Yes. My liege, you will surely be happy."
Ladomira "Hahahaha, I look forward to it. It was worth the boredom of the war."
Ladomira licks her lips as she smiles.
Ladomira "Yes, that's right. Extract a lot of tax out of the countries that opposed me. I think I'll build a solid gold bath for cum."
Derek "Understood."
Derek doesn't argue against her absurd request.
As soon as Ladomira's thoughts have come to a close, Derek nonchalantly adds in a word.
Derek "What do you think of the girls from each nation?"
Ladomira "Girls? You can do what you like with them. Take it as your reward."
Derek "Thank you."
A small smile forms on Derek's mouth as he hangs his head.
Of course, Ladomira can't see it. Even if she saw it, she wouldn't have cared.
Ladomira "Rather than the women, I care about the men. I'm going to try out all of those dicks you've gathered, but when I decide what cocks I prefer, I'll have you gather men from that nation."
Derek "Understood."
Ladomira "In that case, you may go, Derek. Make sure to prepare to hunt for dick."
Ladomira roughly orders Derek to leave after he brought the Service Nation victory.
She is only worried about new men.
Derek doesn't complain about how he is treated. He just silently gives a bow before Ladomira.
Derek "Have I finally gathered what I need?"
Derek smiles with feelings of elation as he walks through the corridor to the guardhouse.
He has gathered a throng of famed beautiful maidens with Seraphina as the head.
If he uses these women, he can gather more money, people, and power than before.
And first...
Derek "Yes, I'll make them realize it. I'll show them how arrogant they were. I'll show them that they have no purpose other than fulfilling men."
Derek "That... is the way of the Service Nation."
Derek's eyes glimmer with light.
And he begins to walk again.
First, he must start subjugating the girls he has gathered.
Derek considers who to begin with as he imagines their faces.
#04_ast001
Astrid Flamel.
A once-in-a-generation wizard and next in the running for Grandmaster of the Kimia Magician's Guild, an organization made up entirely of spellcasters.
The title of Grandmaster, ruler of Kimia, is not simply a name indicating leader.
It is an honor granted only to the most powerful wizard of the age. It is validation that one has great magical power and knowledge.
The current Grandmaster, Astrid's teacher, has shown greater signs of weakening with age in recent years. It is said that he often falls ill and has to retreat to his quarters.
Astrid is rumored to be even mightier a mage than he. It is no surprise she would be named the next Grandmaster.
At present, she boasts not only immense talent in the magical arts but has amassed great personal support as well.
Passionate about teaching her students, she is expected to be a grand pillar of Kimia's next generation.
It is clear, then, that she not only excels at magic but at leadership as well.
To simply use such a woman as a common harlot and cast her away would be a waste.
It would be best, instead, to crush her heart, drag her into the depths of depravity, and lead to her rebirth as a lustful wizard who would love nothing more than to work as a passionate member of the Service Nation.
Such a feat would make expanding the Service Nation's authority an easier task.
Nicola "C-Commander, i-is this about Astrid?"
Nicola was called to the office. When he arrives, he scopes out Derek's mood with his eyes. There is a mixture of worry and excitement in him.
Derek "Yeah, her. It struck me that making her a member of the Service Nation in body and soul would prove useful."
Nicola "W-Wait, you mean..."
Derek "I'll let you be in charge of training her. You can handle her, right?"
Nicola "O-Oh! Why, of course, Commander! Hah, aha, ahaha! At last! At last, Astrid will be...!"
Nicola lets out a laugh so stiff he falls into a coughing fit.
The other soldiers look at him with curious eyes. The eyes of men looking at oddities.
Nicola "O-Oh, I'll show her... I'll make her..."
Derek "I'll leave this to your discretion, but don't make her your plaything. I expect results."
Nicola "I-I know, I know... I'll... it'll be fine, Commander. I-I'll plunge her into hell... and I'll make her think it's heaven. Heh, heheh..."
A smile of madness crawls over his face.
The two had a history in Kimia, the land of mages.
Derek nods to Nicola, a cruel smile on his face. Their connection would likely breed wonderful results.
Astrid "Just what is it you want with me? Have you come to toy with me? Satisfy your miserable little desires?"
When Nicola steps into Astrid's room, she shoots him a condescending smile and a provocation.
He does not react with anger, however. A confident grin grows over his face.
Nicola "Hah, haha. W-Well, I wouldn't say you're wrong."
Astrid "Ah. Of course. Well, have your fun."
She runs her fingers through her hair and gives him a passing glance as if he were a fly passing through her study.
She means what she says.
The idea of Nicola having his way with her is irksome, but she has been violated by many men she didn't even know the names of.
The idea of throwing a fit like a pure maiden now is alien to her.
One thing bothered her, however.
Astrid (He didn't tend to be this... composed, back then.)
The great advantage he holds in the situation makes him seem unusually confident.
Astrid cannot help but harbor an unsettling feeling from it.
Nicola "W-Well, i-if you insist... I think I will."
Astrid "Hm? Wait, what are you doing!?"
Nicola reaches for Astrid, and she swats his hand away.
He had aimed a wand used for magic----lustbrands, more specifically----at her.
Nicola "I-I want you going quiet w-with no resistance, so I'll bind you with a lustbrand."
Astrid "Hah, you're just as cowardly as ever."
Nicola "C-Call me cautious. Meticulous. Y-You're too powerful to let my guard down around you."
As Astrid scoffs at him, Nicola simply grins back.
Astrid expected his emotions to be more volatile, more colored by rage, but it seems that is not the case.
Astrid (I was hoping for him to trip up and show an opening... but it looks like it won't be that easy.)
Treating him like the Nicola she knew would likely only result in pain.
As Astrid rewrites her image of him, Nicola smiles lustfully.
Nicola "I-If you're stuck on resisting, though, I-I could always use one of your students, instead. W-What do you say to that?"
Astrid "Why, you... You're just as underhanded too!"
It is Astrid who flies into an emotional rage. She shoots him a piercing glare.
Nicola's confident grin is unmoving.
Astrid realizes there that she has no choice but to do as Nicola orders.
At least, for now.
Nicola "Now, enough useless resistance."
Astrid "Fine."
He stands Astrid up and starts drawing a magic circle around her.
The circle is far more detailed and well-made than the ones he used back when he was home in Kimia.
Astrid (I knew he wasn't the Nicola he was before, but not to this degree...)
Seen up close, even Astrid has to be impressed with his display of skill. It would take much time and skill to break through bondage of this level.
Nicola finishes the circle as Astrid mulls over countermeasures. Once done, he stands up with another unsettling smile.
Astrid "Looks like your baseness has been honed as well..."
Nicola "Hm? W-What was that?"
Astrid "Nothing."
Astrid closes her eyes, seeking respite from the vile vision before her.
Nicola pushes the wand above her crotch.
Astrid balls her fists. Even with her eyes closed, she feels like she can still see Nicola's unsettling smile.
He moves his wand over her womb as if drawing a pattern while reciting a spell chant in a low whisper.
For a brief moment, she sees a flash of deep pink light beyond her closed eyes.
Astrid "Mm...! Ah..."
She shudders at the burning heat coming up from below.
She looks down to see a red lustbrand carved into her white skin just before it disappears.
Astrid (Oh, no, now I'm...)
She knows. Knows that if Nicola activates the lustbrand, she will have no choice but to follow his orders.
Her stomach knots in misery and frustration.
Nicola "G-Good, now everything is ready. Let's go, Astrid."
Astrid "Hmph..."
Astrid can only respond to Nicola's base grin with a scoff of disgust.
She elects not to put up a fight, however, following him out of the room.
Astrid "Just where are we going, anyway?"
Nicola has taken Astrid out onto the moonlit streets.
Nicola "I-It won't be long now. S-See? Right there, that's the bar we're going to."
Nicola points to a tavern down the road.
She sees the sign by its door: The Black Thrush.
This is the bar the Black Dog Knights frequent. The roar of the drunks spilling from the door suggests its popularity.
Astrid (A bar? What in the world am I to do there? What is Nicola thinking?)
With the lustbrand carved into her, however, she knows that whatever he has in store, it can't be good.
Still, it is worrying not knowing exactly what it is.
She would be able to escape were Nicola her sole foe.
Yet, she heard that her three students are still locked up in the castle.
Kimia as a territory had surrendered to the Service Nation's army as well.
If Astrid escaped, harm would likely befall her captured students and the rest of the mages in Kimia.
Her hands are tied.
Nicola "W-What's the delay, Astrid? Come on, hurry. You haven't gotten too scared to step in, have you?"
Astrid "Scared? Me? Ridiculous. Let's not delay."
Astrid's contemplation has slowed her pace, but she quickly regains herself and walks up to Nicola.
Astrid "Khh...!"
The moment they open the door, Astrid is bathed in the drunken chatter that had been muffled before.
Worse, the men near the entrance take notice of Astrid and begin to spit lustful words at her.
Astrid (What a vile nation this is. A bar in any other land would have a touch more class.)
Shooing off the men with a cold look, Astrid looks over the bar.
It is a lively place, filled with muscular, rough-looking men and women in revealing outfits.
Astrid "Well? What am I to do here?"
Nicola "N-No need to rush. You'll see soon."
Nicola chuckles and claps loudly to gather the crowd's attention.
Nicola "Heheh...a-all right, lads, listen here! W-We have a new whore on board!"
That draws the whole bar's attention.
Drunk Guest A "Oh? A new whore?"
Drunk Guest B "Hey, I think I've seen her 'round some... Oh, yeah, that's that wizard General Derek caught in the last war, yeah?"
Drunk Guest C "Ah, yeah, I saw her from real far, myself! Never could I forget those huge cow teats of hers!"
Learning that the new prostitute on display was Astrid, famous throughout the land, excitement built up in the bar.
Nicola "L-Looks like you're as popular as I expected."
Astrid "My, what an honor."
Astrid quips back at Nicola's grin.
Though she makes a strong display, worry begins to fester within.
She had attempted to disable the lustbrand on the way to the bar time and time again.
The brand, however, would not budge.
Not even Astrid, Grandmaster of Kimia, could dispel it.
To her credit, it would be difficult for anyone to dispel it in such a short time frame.
But it could not be denied that Nicola's spellcasting has simply reached that high of a level.
Astrid (It seems I have no choice but to endure, at least for now.)
Right as Astrid steels herself for whatever is to come, Nicola makes a booming announcement.
Nicola "Heh, heheh, n-now, as some practice before she begins business proper, I-I'd like to have her perform for the audience."
Nicola "Y-You will watch and take part, yes? T-There will be no charge, of course. Eheh, ehahahah!"
Drunk Guest D "Really!? Free!?"
Drunk Guest E "A perfect show to drink to! Let's have it!"
The crowd applauds and whistles, ready for the show.
Astrid, however, shudders alone at the word perform.
What does this man have in mind?")
When she attempts to ask him, an image passes through her lustbrand directly into her mind.
A clear picture of what Nicola intends to make her do.
Astrid "You... cannot be serious."
Astrid "What has gotten into you!? Do you honestly think I could do something so disgusting!?"
Nicola "Heh, heheh, sounds fun, doesn't it? And show that you're i-into it too! Now! Get to it!"
Astrid "Ghhk... ahhh!?"
Her lustbrand begins to sear with pain. It is as though she has been struck by lightning.
As the lustbrand strikes, she finds herself unable to move.
To be more precise, her body is moving.
Simply not of her will.
Astrid "Ghhk... how... dare...!"
Nicola "C-Come on, now, g-get going. Your audience is waiting!"
As Astrid growls at him through gritted teeth, Nicola simply sees her off with a confident grin.
No matter how much she tries to resist, the lustbrand has control over her body. She has no say.
With no way out, her body moves atop a nearby table like a marionette, and then...
#04_ast002h_ast02
Astrid (Ghhhk... I cannot believe this! I simply cannot...!)
Man A "Oh-hoh! There we go, baby, spread 'em wider!"
Man B "No need to be shy! Gahaha!"
Astrid (S-Shut up, all of you! Keep your eyes away! Don't... don't look at me!)
As commanded by the energy pouring in from her lustbrand, Astrid spreads her legs wide as she crouches onto the table, exposing her crotch for all to see.
A wave of cheers erupts from the bar, and the men assail her with lustful shouts.
She glares at them with eyes wettened from rage and bitterness but can do nothing to resist the lustbrand's compelling power.
She shakes her hips to invite deeper gazes from the already leering men, swaying her thick buttocks for those behind.
Man A "Heh, putting on a show, are we? You want my dick that bad?"
Man B "Then you'd better beg for it! Plead for our cocks, miss! Hyahaha!"
The men's filthy words and lustful eyes mercilessly dig into her exposed crotch.
Her face heats up with shame. She attempts to at least somewhat close her legs. Yet, no matter how much force she applies to her limbs, her shamelessly opened legs will not do as she says.
And it is not only her legs that refuse to move as she wishes.
Astrid "But of course, good sirs. As you say, I would love nothing more than to welcome your phalluses inside me."
Astrid (What!? This thing controls my words, as well!?)
She lets out a scream inside.
Yet no matter how much she refuses, her face forms into an alluring smile aimed at the men, though it's somewhat strained.
She continues to rotate her hips with a smile on her face, telling the men where she wants them with her body language as she pushes out her crotch.
Man A "Oh? Inside you? You've got to be more specific than that, love----inside where?"
Man B "Yeah, and what's a phallus? We ain't got none of those, gahaha!"
Astrid (They very well know what a phallus is! Gods, these disgusting men...!)
The brief sense of relief she had that she would not have to hear any more crass words evaporates when the men start their jeering.
No matter how much she stiffens her tongue, it continues to speak the bawdiest of words.
Astrid "Forgive me, my good sirs, for my lack of specificity. I mean, of course, my pussy."
Astrid (Ghhhkk! I do not wish to speak like this... but... ahh, I cannot stop myself!)
Astrid "And by phallus, good sirs, I mean your dicks. Your cocks if you would."
Astrid (Nicola, you WILL pay for this! When this is all over, I'll make sure you never forget...!)
Astrid glares daggers at Nicola.
Yet her rage does not translate onto her expression. She simply continues to show him her strained, labored smile.
Nicola "W-What is it, Astrid? I-I'm not the one you're pleasuring----your patrons await you!"
Nicola's mocking words become ironclad orders and immediately take control of Astrid's body.
Her right hand begins to tremble.
Astrid "I would love nothing more today than to welcome your cocks into my pussy."
Astrid "I do notice that erections yet elude you, so do enjoy my display of auto-eroticism."
Tears of shame roll down Astrid's smiling face.
The men neither notice nor care, clapping raucously and hooting in joy.
Man A "Auto-eroticism? What's that? C'mon, speak in common words, let's hear 'em!"
Astrid "Ah, forgive me. To rephrase, please enjoy my performance of masturbation. Of rubbing my clit."
Astrid (How much must I be mocked before he is satisfied!?)
Astrid's heart rumbles with shame and indignation from the obscene words she has been forced to say.
Yet her body ignores her mind.
Her hand slowly rises up and reaches toward her crotch.
Astrid "What I... usually do is... I start with... fondling my clitoris."
Astrid "I-It's where the most nerves are c-concentrated, so... mm, f-first I stroke it gently..."
She starts to stroke her clitoris sitting atop her slit as she narrates.
Her body reacts, and a numbing pleasure begins to spread through her loins.
Astrid (I cannot... stand this! L-Let me at least hold on, at least make sure I feel no pleasure... nnmm...!)
Astrid "B-By pushing, just a little w-with my fingertip over the skin like... mm, nn, like this... o-or pinching it between two fingers and rubbing... mmm..."
She starts by rubbing it with one finger, then pinching it between two and rubbing it between them to stimulate it.
Her hips quiver under the pleasure, and her exposed slit trembles in kind. The labia below begin to peek open.
Man A "You just going to let those huge tits go to waste?"
Astrid "Unfortunately, I had given my life to magical research and stayed a virgin until very recently, s-so... this is the only method of masturbation I know."
Astrid "A-And, well... size aside, my nipples, I'm afraid they are rather unsightly and... inverted. Ahh..."
Astrid (Why must I share so many embarrassing secrets with this crowd of beasts!?)
Her chest burned with rage and embarrassment as she grits her teeth, but the drunks simply laugh in mockery.
Drunk Guest B "With tits that huge, it's a damn shame your nipples have to hide!"
Drunk Guest A "All right, give me a minute with my hands on 'em! I'll get 'em poking out right and proper, ahaha!"
Astrid bites down to try and endure the shame, but her lips move on their own to flatter the men, instead.
Astrid "Oh, thank you, good sirs. I will continue my masturbation while imagining your gallant hands over these pathetic, reversed nipples of mine."
Astrid raises her hips and opens her legs even wider, giving the men a more intimate view of her sex.
It draws their eyes, and she begins to rub her clit around with her fingertip.
Her erogenous zones are stimulated whether she likes it or not, and a sweet numbness shoots through to her toes.
Her labia quake, and juices begin to squirt out.
She scoops up a drop with her finger and pinches her elongated clitoris.
Astrid "Nnn... mmm... ahh, nnn...!"
Astrid "Ah, nn... C-Can you see it, good sirs? How my clitoris is, nn... erect?"
She holds her clit, now stretched out of the skin, by the base. The display calls even more attention to it.
The men draw their faces in closer to get a better look.
Man B "Oh, damn, it is erect! You look like you're pretty used to this, huh?"
Astrid "Y-Yes, I... mm, nn, am. I am partial to clit-rubbing... ahh!"
She rapidly rubs her clit between two fingers, making a show of it for the men.
Her lower lips have opened even further by now, and a clear fluid leaks from the center of her open slit.
The men have a clear view of the pulsating of her meaty folds.
Her crotch is not all that quakes. The nipples buried deep within her ample bosom begin to pick up heat, as well.
She manages to repress her desire to dig out her tingling nipples with her fingers, but they continue to work at her crotch.
Astrid "Ahh, look at all these... mmm, indecent juices... I-I take this pussy juice, and I rub it on my clit, and... ahh, mmm...!"
She explains to the glaring drunks as she scoops up more honey with her fingertip.
Astrid then meticulously rubs it onto her clitoris, the contact making a lewd squishing sound as she does.
Astrid "This... nn, mmm, this erotic sound always gets me... mmm, gets me going...!"
Astrid's moaning and the sopping sound of her juices only serve to excite the men more.
They bring their faces close enough for her to feel their labored, excited breaths, and the attention brings her more pleasure.
She grasps her enlarged clitoris with both fingers and rubs, up and down, up and down.
A sharp pleasure shoots through her back, bringing heat across her entire body. She feels the heat gathering in her nipples up above.
Astrid "Ahh, nnmm, feels so good... having my pussy on display as I rub my clit, oh, gods, it... it feels so much better than normal, I... mmm...!"
Man B "Whoa, miss! Don't cum just yet! Give us more of a show!"
Astrid "Ahh, mmm... mmm! F-Forgive me, sirs, but... mmm, your eyes on me make me feel too much to... Ahh, gods, it feels good!"
Her hips sways, inviting the men towards her as more juices flow from her crotch.
Astrid (Is this because of the lustbrand, too? It doesn't make sense how good this feels----I just can't...!)
She had indulged in masturbation in private many a time.
Yet she had never felt a pleasure to match what she feels now.
Astrid "Ahhh, f-forgive me, I can no longer...! Oh, oh, here it comes, I... with all of your eyes on me, I-I...!"
Astrid (No, no, I cannot climax, not here! Not with these men watching me!)
Her fingers greedily seek more pleasure as she screams inside.
She pinches the base of her clit with a bit of strength, pulls it up enough to feel pain, and then rubs it in between her fingers.
Astrid "Ah, ahh, it comes! My pussy can take no longer! Oh, the waves...! More juices are coming out, I-I'm going to cum...!"
As her mouth unleashes a torrent of obscene words her hips tremble wildly.
Astrid "I'm cumming! I'm... ahhhhh! I'm cumming from my pussy, nnnmmm!"
Psshhh! Plllssh! Pssshh!")
Astrid "Oh no, my juices! My dirty juices, they're all flowing out!"
As Astrid climaxes through obscene narration, a wave of clear liquid shoots out of her cunt.
Man B "Haha, this bitch's even spraying! How horny is she!?"
Man C "Look! Not a hand on 'em and her sunken nipples are already out and proud! C'mon, slut, cum more for us!"
Astrid "Ah, ahhh, so much more of my juices are... nnnmmm!"
Astrid sprays more tides in rhythm to the men egging her on as she loses herself to the climax.
Astrid (I cannot believe that I... that I would... ahhh!)
Astrid "Ah, hah, hah... ahh... nnmm..."
Astrid (How could I debase myself before such rabble? Ugh...)
As her body exhales the sweet breaths of her culmination, she fumes inside, cursing the misery and humiliation of it all.
Yet, merciless words come to her.
Man A "That was pretty decent as far as masturbation shows go, but that's not where it ends, right?"
Astrid "Ah, hah... nn... mm?"
Man B "Like hell we'd be satisfied with you touching yourself. What's next, huh?"
Astrid "A-Ah, er, well..."
Surprised by the unexpected demand, Astrid reflexively turns to Nicola.
Wearing an unsettling, amused smile, Nicola nods to her.
That is all it takes to make the lustbrand tingle with a searing heat.
Astrid (D-Does he intend to humiliate me further? What more is there!?)
She tries to complain to Nicola, but her mouth begins to move of its own accord again.
As worry swells in her breast, her mouth speaks the complete opposite of what her mind wishes.
Astrid "I am truly glad that my masturbation was to your liking, amateurish though it was. Now that I am prepared, please enjoy the next show."
She speaks through yet another forced, strained smile, and the drunks applaud and cheer yet again.
She peers at Nicola from the corner of her eye. He simply smirks back at her, giving no hint as to what he intends to make her do next.
As more worry still builds, her mouth moves on its own again.
Astrid "Is anyone in need of dessert? For today's menu, I've prepared a bunch of well-ripened bananas."
Astrid picks up the bunch of bananas Nicola holds out to her and places it beside her.
Man B "Heh, bananas, huh? Hah, I see... I see..."
Though she sees the drunks grinning in understanding as they catch sight of the bananas, Astrid still does not know what she is about to do.
Astrid (What am I supposed to do with these? Why do these men seem so... eager?)
She is certain she'll be made to do something unimaginably foul.
Right after that certainty bubbles up, an unsettling chill runs down her back...
Astrid "Now then, allow me to dip one in syrup. I do hope you will enjoy the show."
She peels the banana, making sure the men can see.
When about half of it is peeled, she brings it to her still-open crotch.
Astrid (Wait, he cannot be serious! Is the syrup...? No...!)
She screams inside when she realizes what is going on, but it is too late.
Astrid "Ghhk, mmm... nnmmm!"
She brings the tip of the banana into her vagina, still sensitive and quivering from her climax.
The soft flesh crumbles before the pressure of her lower passage, and she lets out a moan at the sensation.
Astrid "Ah, annhh, I... mmm!"
Man A "What's up? Losing yourself to a goddamn banana?!"
Astrid "O-Oh, forgive me, sirs, I... nn, mmm!"
Man C "How about eating my banana, if it's all the same? It's way hotter 'n harder than that little thing----tastier too! Gahaha!"
Astrid "Ah, c-certainly, once I... mm, have permission to take on clients... Ohhh..."
She answers the drunks' lewd jeers as she sticks the soft, ripe banana deeper into her pussy.
Her walls quake at the insertion of the foreign object, and she can feel that is all it takes to crush the fruit inside.
Astrid "Ghhk, ahh... F-Forgive me. My pussy is rather sensitive, making it... mmm, difficult to inse----ahh..."
Astrid (Why, why do I have to put a banana in there?! This is terrible... awful... I can't...!)
She curses Nicola for thinking the trial up and the drunks for enjoying the sight, but she can do nothing else.
She slowly peels the banana bit by bit as she buries it deeper into herself.
Astrid (It feels like the slightest pressure will crush this thing... Ugh, this is terrible. What am I supposed to...?)
The feeling of her vaginal walls crushing the banana is unsettling enough to give her goosebumps.
With no control over her body, however, there is little she can do. Little more than exhaling deeply to loosen up her muscles, though only slightly.
Astrid "Ah, nnn, mmm... mmm!"
This loosens up her vagina ever so slightly, and the banana makes its way deeper in with a sloshing sound.
Man A "Looks like you're enjoying the feast! Look at all that pussy syrup comin' out!"
Man B "Can't wait for the day you lose the soft fruit and let me jam my hard rod in there."
Astrid (Silence! Shut up, all of you!)
Astrid (And besides, I... I take no pleasure in this! How could I be enjoying something so disgusting!? Ahh...!)
The fruit rubs against her passage, squashing it with an unnerving sensation.
Yet, she cannot hold back the sweat and numbness running up her spine.
Astrid (This... this isn't me! This is all that vile lustbrand's fault. All from that twisted man's mind... ahh!)
The banana reaches even further as she denies her pleasure.
Astrid "Oh, oh, gods... What... what do you think, sirs? It's been bathed in lewd syrup and shoved deep in my... in my pussy... nn, mmm...!"
Her crotch roils along with the words that slip from her mouth.
The banana peering out through her slit wiggles as though shaking its tail, provoking the drunk audience.
Man D "Ohh, look at that sick little string... I don't think I've ever seen a banana look so appetizing!"
Cries of arousal swell up around the bar, and the men battle to get a closer look.
Astrid "Nn, ahh, p-please wait for your proper turns in dining on this desert. W-We can start from anyone... oh..."
Astrid (This... this can't be. Who in their right mind would eat this? Would enjoy this? How sick are these men!?)
She howls her unconcealable disgust in her mind as her mouth invites the men with honeyed words.
Even then, her hips sway lustily, alluring the bawdy drunks.
One of the drunks, a chubby old man, wades through the crowd.
Old Man "Sorry, lads, but I'll be taking first."
Man A "Hey, wait your turn, old man!"
Old Man "Don't be like that, son. I haven't seen a show like this in a while, and I must say I'm quite excited."
The man pulls out his wallet as he soothes the complaining drunks and tosses it on a table to the side.
Old Man "Everyone's drinks tonight are on me! I'll say that makes us even, yes? Heheh..."
Man B "Now we're talking, boss! Good trade!"
The men pull back and cease their complaints, satisfied with his offer.
Old Man "Heh, now, then, time to feast."
Astrid "Nnnmm, mmm, ahh!"
The old man bends over to get a good, up-close look at the banana buried in her pussy.
His raw, warm breath brushes up against her soft cunt, filled with crushed banana melted in vaginal honey. The stimulation makes her back shudder.
Old Man "Heheh, now this is one sensitive pussy. Just the way I like it. Now, hurry, let me eat it!"
With a lustful grin, the old man begins to heave more, blowing against her crotch to hurry her along.
Astrid (W-Where did this disgusting old man come from!? Has this bar no end to vile patrons?)
Though she howls curses in her heart, her expression softens to invite her guest.
Her hips draw closer to him on their own, bringing her slit to the old man's mouth.
Astrid (Wh----? W-Wait, I cannot be truly... No, no, this cannot be!)
Astrid continues to scream inside.
Her body shows no mercy. Her lower half begins to tense.
Astrid "I thank you for the compliment, dear sir. Now, do taste as you will. Mm... nnn!"
Astrid "Nnmm, ahh, nnn, mmm, ahh!"
Her lower regions begin to tense against her will, and her mouth moans of its own accord.
Her smooth stomach tenses and her vagina contracts. She can feel with no uncertainty the fruit being crushed inside.
Astrid (Eeep!? Uggh, it's crushed and all mushy inside... Ah, I cannot take this!)
She is not permitted to share her horror or disgust and can only take desperate breaths with a face of pleasure.
Old Man "Looks like it's stuck in there. Come now, push harder."
Man A "Yeah, you heard the man! What kind of sorry whore can't even push a banana out her snatch!?"
Astrid "V-Very well, I will produce... nnn, mmmm!"
Biting down in the face of impossible humiliation and rage, her body clenches her slit as ordered.
The remaining fruit starts to be pushed out, but her undulating passages bring it back in.
Old Man "In and out----that's an active banana! Looks like your pussy doesn't want to let it go!"
Man B "Does it like the banana that much? Damn, that's one horny snatch, gahaha!"
When the old man watching closely laughs, the other drunks burst out laughing in kind.
Astrid (How... how dare all of you...!)
She wants to use every inch of magic under her control to make this bar a crater.
Yet even as that desire hounds at her mind, she holds back. Her body moves its hips alluringly as her vagina continues to clench.
Tears begin to build up. Tears at how pathetic and how low she feels.
Astrid "Ah, it's... it's almost... nnn, mmm... ahhh..."
The banana's surface is crushed, leaving it smooth. It slides as it moves through her.
Astrid (Nnnmm!? N-No, I can't... stop, please!)
Her cries fall on deaf ears having not been made in the first place, and her body clenches her vagina harder.
Then, as she feels the banana slide out, her body is assailed by a sweet numbness.
Astrid "C-Come... on... nnmmmm! The banana, it's coming out!"
Astrid (Ahhh! It's so crushed up, so gross, and so disgusting, and yet I feel this... pleasure! Ahhh, I can't... ahhh!)
Each time the smooth fruit shaft drives against her passage, Astrid's hips leap.
Half of it pops out, and globs of love juice drip from its head.
Astrid "A-Ahh... my apologies for... for the wait. Please enjoy."
She pushes her hips forward, bringing the banana sticking out of her slit to the waiting man's mouth.
The sunken banana has such a sheen of vaginal fluid on it that it seems like it could give off steam from its heat.
Old Man "Oh, I can just eat it right here? Lovely service, my dear. Heheh..."
With a pleased chuckle, he begins to chomp at the banana's tip.
Astrid "Ghhhk! Mmmphh!"
The force with which he chomps away at the tip sends vibrations to the parts of the banana still inside of her.
Every vibration hits against her sensitive core, sending a sweet sensation through her body that nearly knocks her consciousness out.
Old Man "Nnch, ahh, what a wonderful flavor. A nice, perverse aroma with just enough salt... Mmm, nnn, it really brings out the banana's sweetness."
Old Man "Your pussy's really warmed it up too. Feels like it's going to melt in my mouth."
Astrid "O-Ohh, t-thank you, good sir... mmm, nn, ahhh!"
Hot breath falls upon her sensitive slit with every movement of his mouth, and every shock that follows threatens to ruin her hips.
Her pussy howls with an agonizing numbness, a living death of pleasure.
Right as she begins to find herself desiring a climax, desiring a release, a surprising line comes from her mouth.
Astrid "N-Now, sir, g-go right ahead... mmm, ahh... place your mouth upon my pussy and, mm, have the rest...!"
Old Man "Oh? I can?"
Astrid "I-It would be my pleasure. The part inside should be, mm, sweeter, too."
Astrid (No! No, I cannot have him do that!)
Her mouth invites him, but her heart desperately resists.
Yet, her heart leaps and roils at the words she speaks, and her pussy begins to tense with pleasure.
Man D "Seriously!? If I knew that was waiting for me, I wouldn't have given up my spot!"
Old Man "Sorry, lads. Now then, don't mind if I do..."
With envious eyes behind him, the old man wastes no time in putting his mouth to her pussy.
Astrid "I will now push out the rest, so hold for a moment... nnn, mmmm....!"
Astrid (No, I can't, I cannot, I simply... ahhhh!)
Astrid "Ha, nnn, here... here it comes! Just a little more, nnn... mmmaaah!"
She desperately pushes the rest of the banana toward the old man's mouth.
Old Man "Look at the entrance! It's opening and closing like it's alive, slipping that thing out!"
Providing pleased commentary, the man immediately chomps at the banana as it shows itself.
Astrid "Y-Yes, I managed to... ahh, grasp the hang of it... nnn, aaahh...!"
With a dexterity she can hardly believe herself, she moves her walls in such a way that it pushes the crushed banana out of her vagina, bit by bit.
The smooth fruit flesh rubbing against her walls still confers dire pleasure.
Astrid "Oh, oh no, I can't take... ahh, it just feels too good...!"
When her inner voice comes out of her mouth, the old man looks up, seeming pleased with himself.
Old Man "Heheh, what can't you take?"
Astrid "T-This... Please I... I feel on the verge of climax. I'm going to cum again, and this time it's from a... ah, from a banana, ahh...!"
Man B "Seriously, she's cumming again? Talk about an easy pussy! Ahahaha!"
The audience of drunks laughs and jeers, which only serves to make Astrid feel worse about herself... and more pleasure.
Astrid "F-Forgive me and this selfish pussy of mine, always coming on its own... but I-I can hold back no longer... ahh, ahh...!"
Old Man "Heheh, well, I'm not one to deny a woman her pleasure, and eating this banana soaked in pussy syrup while you cum sounds like a time. Now, then, come as hard as you can!"
The old man eggs her on with his face right up to her crotch, his breath hitting her clitoris.
With her pussy already on the brink of climax, the breath sends a tingling, tickling pleasure through her.
As the powerful pleasure threatens to send her consciousness skyward, Astrid desperately clenches her crotch.
Astrid "Ah, here it comes! The banana is rubbing against me as it... ah, ahhhh!"
Astrid "It's coming out. Oh, gods, the banana is coming out. It's... ahhhh!"
She tenses her whole body and launches the rest of the banana out of her clenched pussy.
Old Man "Ahh, it's melted with honey and looks fantastic. Mmf, mmf... ahhh!"
Astrid "I-I'm cumming, ahhhnn! Ahh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming! This banana is making me cum!"
The rest of the fruit in her passage is gobbled up by the old man licking at her pussy, and a floating pleasure engulfs the rest of her body.
Astrid "I can't stop it! It won't stop! I... I'm cumming!"
Astrid "Ah, hah, ahh... ahh..."
Old Man "Phew, that was a good meal! It melted enough to be more like juice in the end too. That was good enough to sell!"
He speaks to the half-conscious Astrid as he licks away at her crotch, reluctant to leave.
Astrid "Than-Thank you, sir..."
As she forces herself to speak words of gratitude through a mouth too weak to talk, she idly gazes down at her pussy, drenched with juices and what remains of the banana.
Astrid (This is... enough, right? How much does he want to humiliate me...?)
Even after all of this mockery, this embarrassment, the lustbrand still remains.
Her pride as a mage shattered, all Astrid can do is feel her shoulders tremble powerlessly.
Unfortunately for Astrid, her humiliation is far from over.
Astrid "N-Now, next, may I be allowed to... eat your banana with my... with my pussy, good sir...?"
Astrid (What? What did I... just say...?)
She had thought it was over.
Yet her mouth demanded more humiliation.
How could the bar hold itself back from cheering?")
Old Man "Heheh, right you are. When one gives you a banana, it's only good manners to give one back. I would be delighted!"
Man A "What!? You've got to be kidding! Damn, that wasn't worth the drink at all!"
Astrid "Nnmm, ah... w-worry not. There are... plenty of bananas left..."
Astrid gives the man a reassuring smile.
When she does, a joyful uproar takes the bar over.
Man A "Hell yeah! Me next, me next!"
Man B "Like hell----I'm up next!"
The men push towards Astrid, each hoping to be next in line.
Their bulges are clear through their pants.
Astrid (No, no, I cannot have this...! Have I not had enough!?)
Inside, Astrid weeps and shouts, desperate to reject the men's advance.
Yet her body tingles from the lustbrand, and she pushes forward her juice and banana-wetted crotch towards the crowd, inviting them in.
............
......
...
#04_ast003
A few days have passed since then.
Astrid "If I just... cut this magic circuit..."
Astrid "Ghhhk, ouch...!"
Astrid "That didn't work, either? Ahh, this makes no sense! How could one of his spells give me this much trouble?"
Astrid looks up at the ceiling of the room she has been entrapped in, bitterness coloring her face.
A vile lustbrand has been carved over her womb.
Her past few days have been a series of attempts to break free from its bondage, but none of them have succeeded.
Astrid "Hmm...I suppose it wouldn't do me much good to get too hung up."
She decides to refresh herself by finally getting around to eating. She picks up the piece of hard, black bread on her desk.
The bread is so hard it looks like it would shatter one's teeth if bitten into, but dipping it into the salty soup of only broth renders it edible.
Astrid "I can't let it end like this."
After whispering encouragement to herself, she snatches up the banana on her desk.
She didn't get bananas at first, but since a few days ago, her meals have always included them.
It is clear that it was not out of concern for her nourishment. This is simple mockery.
Astrid "I don't need to be reminded of that!"
She grumbles to herself, but the banana's sweet scent is enough to make her humiliation a few days past float back into her head.
She flavored the ripe fruit with her crotch and served it to the drunks.
Astrid remembers the feel of the men's noses and beards rubbing up against her slit and of the reek of sweat and ale.
Astrid "Urgh... ugh..."
Just remembering it makes a chill run down her spine, and she barely stops herself from vomiting.
Astrid "Nicola... I can't believe he's developed his arts far enough to give me this much trouble..."
Back home, he was a sloppy student. A pathetic man who acted high and mighty from what little talent he had.
And she was still under his spell.
The embarrassment and frustration wear down her mind, but she has not broken yet.
Astrid "Just you wait... I'll crush this spell of yours!"
She pushes away the unpleasant memories that came rushing back and finishes her meal.
As she washes down the last of her soup, she hears footsteps approaching the room.
Nicola "H-Hey there, Astrid. S-Sorry I took so long to visit."
Astrid "Where in the world does that baseless confidence of yours come from? Did you strike your head on something?"
Nicola gives Astrid an unsettling grin the moment he lays eyes on her, and she shoots back some harsh words.
The man simply mocks her in return. ?hGoodness, scary,?h he says.
Astrid (This... this is the man who's treating me as his plaything...!)
Her body quivers in rage at her weakness and her inability to disobey his commands.
She makes a fist to calm her quivering, digging her nails into her palm.
Nicola "Heh, heh heh... n-no need to get so upset. I-I'm here to see you now, aren't I?"
Astrid "Ghhk! You sniveling, misera----!"
Nicola lightly holds up his wand.
The lustbrand on her womb then pulses. Powerfully.
Something hot pours into her blood vessels and spreads throughout her body.
Astrid "I-If you want to have me, how about trying without this brand...? Are you, nn, too scared to without your magic tricks?"
Nicola "Heh, heh heh, you're right. I-I wouldn't look down on you, Astrid. I-I know what a genius wizard you are. That's why..."
Astrid "Guh! W-What's going... ahhh!!"
The heat emanating from her lower half becomes too hot to bear.
Flames roar up from her loins like when she was forced to climax. Her vision goes white.
Astrid "Gh... W-What did you do to me...?"
Nicola "A-Are you alright, Astrid...?"
Nicola softens his voice, affecting concern right after he cast the dreadful spell on her.
Astrid swats his hand away.
Astrid "D-Don't pretend you care... gghh... nnn?!"
A strange feeling comes over her.
Her instincts as a wizard scream of incoming danger, but she knows not what to do.
The effects of whatever Nicola has done have left her too light-headed and too confused to think straight.
Nicola "M-Maybe you should rest for a bit?"
Astrid "I... I should. Thank you, Nicola."
The words slip out of her mouth with a bizarre naturalness. This strikes Astrid as strange, and she shakes her head.
Astrid "What? Wait, why did I...?"
Nicola "Heheheh, s-sorry. You must have been really upset with me for l-leaving you alone so long, right? Haha..."
Astrid "W-Wait, I... urgh..."
Astrid tries to shake her head, but her body immediately stops.
Astrid (He's right. I... I was upset. How could I not be? He'd kept away... he'd left me for so long...)
Astrid (But being upset won't get me anywhere. I shouldn't be cross with him because Nicola is my... he's my...)
A word comes up in her mind, fresh and pulsing with meaning.
Yet someone somewhere screams that she must not say it.
Nicola "Yeah, I bet you'd be upset. I mean, heh, heh heh..."
Astrid "You bet I'd be upset. How could you leave your girlfriend in this miserable little room all by herself for so long? You big dummy!"
Astrid bonks Nicola on the head in mock anger, her eyes moist as she insults him.
Though a strangeness remains in her heart, the anger toward her lover for paying her no mind is greater.
She glares at the man she loves with wet eyes, wondering how she will have him make up for his sin.
Nicola "S-Sorry, Astrid. I've just been so busy lately... and really, I'm sorry."
Astrid "Hmph, you're all talk."
She makes her gaze harsher.
Then, she softly closes her eyes and holds up her chin as if waiting for something.
Nicola "O-Oh!"
Nicola finally realizes what she wants him to do and hesitantly places his hands on her shoulders before bringing his lips to hers.
Astrid "Nnmm... mmm, ahh..."
Their lips are only together for a brief moment.
Yet, that is all Astrid needs to feel a sweetened joy. An unquenchable happiness flows through her.
Astrid (What is this feeling of mine? Heat is all over my body, and it feels like I'm about to melt...)
Her pulse hastens, and an indescribable warmth of joy spreads through her.
All of the indignation and anger she'd built up vanishes, leaving behind only love.
Astrid (How unfair this man is, how underhanded... making me fall for him this much.)
Astrid's cheeks soften as she mulls over her love.
Certainly, Nicola isn't the most handsome or cheerful-looking man, but for some reason, all of that seems lovely to her.
Just looking at him makes her temperature rise with each beat of her heart.
Her hand naturally moves around Nicola's waist, and she pushes her body against him as if to share how she feels.
Astrid "Aha... mm, hey, Nicola, how... how about it?"
Nicola "W-Whoa, Astrid."
Astrid "Don't you whoa me, Nicola. Look at how stiff you are down here..."
She rubs at Nicola's crotch through sweet whispers.
When she comes in contact with his penis, stiff and heated even through his pants, her own crotch tingles so much it hurts.
Following the sensation's demands, she holds Nicola tighter, pushing her breasts against his chest.
Astrid "Please my pussy is just waiting... and it's gotten so hot. Come on, Nicola... I won't let you say you don't have the time."
Astrid "Take this stiff, erect dick and let it keep my lonely, whiny pussy some company..."
Nicola "Heh, heheh. W-Well, if my beloved is that eager, I can't refuse."
Astrid "Wonderful! And with how long you kept me lonely, dear, you're going to have to plow me a lot to make up for it."
With joy animating her, Astrid pushes Nicola onto her bed.
#04_ast004h_ast03
Astrid "Ah, ahh... you're inside me! Oh, Nicola, your burning dick is burying itself into me!"
Nicola has sat down on the bed, and Astrid slowly brings her hips down onto his. She lets out an ecstatic moan lined with honeyed words as she does.
His powerfully towering penis pushes through her wet walls as it makes its way into her core.
Its heat, stiffness, and sheer girth send quakes through Astrid's body as she tightens her labia around it.
Astrid "Ahh, I'm so happy... So happy you... ahhh, you've gotten so big and just for me... Mmm, ahaha, looks like you were in the mood too..."
Nicola "I-In the mood? In the mood for what? Heh, heh heh..."
Astrid "Oh, there you go, playing the fool... I mean you were in the mood to have my pussy give your cock a nice, little massage, right?"
Lovingly stroking Nicola's hair, Astrid tenses her lower abdomen more.
With his penis buried in it down to the base, her vagina starts a rhythm of loosening and contracting around it.
Nicola's face twists in pleasure at the loving massage.
Nicola "Heheheh, y-you sure are p-passionate, Astrid."
Astrid "Nmmm... how could I not? This dick, it's your dick, Nicola... Mmm... How do I feel? Do you like being inside of me?"
Nicola "Y-Yeah, you feel... amazing. I-I don't think I can h-hold it in..."
Astrid "Aha, you don't have to, babe. I won't, mm, hold it in either..."
Astrid "Just... mm, just having you inside me, nnn... it's gotten me so hot down there, gods..."
Astrid whispers sweetly as she moves her thick, bountiful butt up and down.
Nicola's wide-headed penis scrambles her juice-covered membranes deep inside her vagina, sending waves of sweet numbness through Astrid with every push.
She lovingly wraps her arms around him.
Astrid "Oh, Nicola, I love you. I love you... Mmm, I simply love you so much..."
Astrid gazes at Nicola with moist eyes as she tightens her hole around his member.
Then, she brings her face to his.
Astrid "Mmm... mm, ah, mmm... oh, Nicola, your lips, they're so sweet, I... mm, mm, mm!"
A sweetened shockwave shoots through Astrid's head the moment her lips make contact with his, and it causes her back to shudder.
She greedily lays her lips on his and slides her tongue into his mouth.
Astrid "Shllp, mm... nn, mmm... ahh, nnmmm, shhlllp... oh, Nicola, your tongue, mmm... it's just making me melt, shllp...!"
She slips and slides her tongue inside his mouth as if yearning for him to do the same in kind as she covers his tongue with her saliva.
Their passion builds as their tongues dance together. So ripe with heat Astrid feels as though they will melt into each other.
Nicola "Heh, heheh... y-you've gotten good at kissing."
Astrid "Because I love you so much, darling... mmm, nnn... Ahh... I simply love you so much, shllp, chlllp, mmm..."
Astrid "You're the only one who can... mm, make me so happy just with a kiss, Nicola... Nnmm, ahh, mmm... shllp, chlllp..."
Astrid audibly slurps up his saliva as she sways her thin waist, rubbing her rear against Nicola's thighs.
Her pussy tightens with every rub, squeezing at Nicola's stiffening cock.
Astrid "Ahh, mmm... you could feel it, couldn't you? How much tighter I got down there the second I slurped your spit... nnmm!"
Astrid "I can feel your dick trembling too. It feels like it's happy, haha..."
Nicola "Heh, h-heh, y-yeah, I feel it too. Glad my girlfriend's got such a horny pussy... t-though I am surprised."
Astrid "Mmm, whose fault do you think it is I'm so horny? Mmm... chlp... Haha..."
Astrid lightly kisses him again to interrupt him, then smiles.
Before Nicola raises his hips, he licks his lips, reveling in the sensation of the smooch.
His cock advances slightly into her with a wet sound, and Astrid throws her back with a loud moan.
Astrid "Mmm! That's it. Keep moving like that, Nicola... Fill me with your cock. I want it...!"
Astrid "I want you to thrust into me so hard my pussy molds itself to fit your cock and yours alone... Please!"
Nicola "Damn, lady, t-talk about demanding."
Nicola grins and holds Astrid's waist tight.
Astrid "Ahah, nn... mmm, there, just like that, bring that stiff cock as deep as you... ah, ahhhh!"
Astrid's moans only grow louder in tune with Nicola's powerful thrusts.
He knocks his penis against her cervix, and as her vagina tightens in yearning, he pulls it back, dragging it against her walls on the way out.
Astrid "Oh, oh, gods, that's amazing... Mmm, you're rubbing against every part of my pussy, ahh...!"
With every thrust of his huge cock into her cervix, she feels a shockwave of pleasure that forces out a loud moan.
More honey leaks from her passage with every thrust, and a sweet aroma begins to fill the room.
Astrid "Gods, you're thrusting so much against my baby room, I... oh, oh, gods, I'm going to lose my mind, I... ahh, ahhh!"
As her voice takes on more honeyed pleasure, Astrid tightens the grip of her legs around Nicola's waist.
Nicola "H-Hey, if you hold on too tight, it's hard to move."
Astrid "But it just feels so good... Mm, ahh, I'm going to break. I'm going to lose my mind. I'm going to moan so loud...!"
Nicola thrusts his hips even harder to drive Astrid even further.
The head of his dick slams into her twitching cervix, leaving her no time to breathe, and the currents of pleasure coursing through Astrid make her shudder.
Astrid "Ah, ahhhh! Right there! Deeper! It's just... It's too good, ahhhh!"
Nicola "H-Heh, heh, you like it here too, right? Come on, let's hear some more embarrassing screams!"
As Nicola's voice breaks in excitement, he pushes onto the nipples hidden deep inside her breasts, exciting them.
His hands push hard enough to crush her bountiful breasts, and Astrid leans back in pleasure, squirming all the way.
Astrid "Oh, there, there, my nipples, they're sensitive. They're... ahh, ahhhh, they're coming out! Nicola, you're pulling them out, ahhh!"
Astrid "Ah, nnn, nnnmm! Right there, oh, gods, it feels so numbing, I... nnmmm!"
She lets out a desperate moan of rapturous pleasure, and her sunken nipples grow pointed, poking out of their hiding place.
Nicola "Heh, there they are, your shy little nipples! They're real sensitive to make up for all that hiding... H-Heh, here, have some more!"
Nicola helps himself to the revealed nipples, pulling them from left to right and pinching up on them.
He keeps up with his hips as well, rapidly thrusting into her loosened cervix.
Astrid "Ah, mmm, ahhh! Y-You keep hitting me where I'm most, mmm, sensitive! Ahh, nnn, mmm!"
The sharp sensations on her nipples and the burning heat in her vagina envelop her in pleasure.
The man she loves is unleashing his passion onto her as she holds him tight.
The sheer joy of it melts both her body and mind.
Nicola "F-Feels like I'm about to bust. Your pussy's pulsing so much, and... gh, it's really teasing my cock."
Astrid "Mm, I, I can't hold on either, ahh... The joy of having you pleasure my nipples and pussy is just too much! I'm going to lose myself!"
Nicola holds onto her tight and thrusts his penis in hard enough to skewer her.
Astrid "Nn, ahh, ahhh! I-I can't take... mm, my pussy, it's going to... I'm going to cum, ahh!"
Astrid "Please, Nicola, let's cum together! I want to cum with your hot cockjuice pouring into my womb!"
Desperately holding onto herself in the face of overwhelming pleasure, she devours the lips of her beloved as he thrusts into her.
Astrid "Ahh, nmmm, mmmm! Your lips are so passionate, and your cock is so... mmm, chlllp, shllp... shlllpp!"
Nicola answers her tongue with his own, and he pushes his head into her hungrily twitching cervix as their tongues dance in his mouth.
His burning precum mixes with her sweet honey as her inner passage slowly opens.
With every thrust into her sensitive genitalia, Astrid's mind is enveloped in white. The pleasure brings her a step before climax.
Astrid "Shllp, mm, ahh, ahh... I can't take it anymore, mmm, chllpp..."
Nicola "W-Well, i-if you insist. Heh, heh, I'll give you your release!"
With that announcement, he begins to thrust hard enough to make her body bounce, banging his cock against her cervix again and again.
Her vaginal walls hug his penis eagerly as if to spur it along its way to expelling its passion sooner rather than later.
Astrid "Please, please, Nicola, Nicolaaa! I want us to cum together! We have to cum together!"
Nicola "Y-Yeah, babe! C-Cum as I fill you up!"
Astrid "I want it! I want it! Come on! Come on! Make that cock kiss my womb and fill me with so much hot cum I can have a baby!"
Astrid screams and brings her hips down hard, enveloping Nicola's cock right down to the base.
As she wished, Nicola brings his cock upwards, pushing his head into a passionate embrace with her cervix.
Phlllp! Pssshhh! Pssshhhlllp!!")
Astrid "Nnnn, ahhhhhhh! Ahh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Nicola, your jizz is making me cum!"
As a tide of white drowns her womb, Astrid throws her body back in climax.
Her sweat-drenched hair fluttering, she digs her nails into Nicola as she loses herself in overwhelming pleasure.
Astrid "Ahh, I can, ahh, feel your cock throbbing inside me, its hot milk filling up my womb, ahh, ahhh...!"
Astrid rubs her heated ass on Nicola's thighs as she continues to scream in joy from the sensation of him pouring into her.
Astrid "Nnn, mmm... oh, oh you, Nicola, you came too hard... My belly's just so full now... Ahh..."
Astrid "Mhmhm, ahaha... Feels like even the slightest movement will make the lewdest sound..."
Astrid leans on Nicola as she whispers into his ear. She is spellbound in the aftershocks of her climax.
His cock is still throbbing in her pussy.
Astrid "Ahaha... with how much you filled me up, I'm probably pregnant by now..."
Nicola "D-Don't want to have my kid?"
Astrid "Oh, you. Of course, I do. There's nothing I'd love more than to hold our baby right now... Haha, mmm, mmwah, mmm!"
Astrid immediately showers him with light kisses, showing him how she feels.
Nicola "Whoa, y-you sure... You sure are affectionate, Astrid... shllp..."
Astrid "How could I not be when I love you so much, Nicola? Mmm... give me your babies, Nicola... Mmm, make me have your children..."
She keeps pecking at his lips. There's a look of joy on her face as she does.
Feeling his warmth, her passionate lips seem to reignite the passion in her breast.
Her softened vaginal passage tightens up again, pressing down on his still-stiff cock.
Nicola "Whoa!?"
His voice cracks, and his cock forcefully quivers inside her.
Though in the aftermath of climax, her vagina reacts to the excitement, burning with desire for her beloved once again.
Astrid "Looks like you're ready for round two. Haha..."
Nicola "A-And your pussy's been throbbing for more."
Astrid "Oh, it isn't just my pussy. My womb is tingling, wanting to feel you more... It's saying it's going to bear your babies today no matter what...!"
Astrid emits heated breaths, and her pussy tightens to show her arousal.
Her walls stick to the skin of his cock, and his cock twitches with every embrace.
A powerful numbness rings in her womb, and Astrid cannot stop her face from twisting into a look of eroticism.
Astrid "Come, Nicola... dive into my pussy again. Thrust into me so much and with such a passion that the scent of your cock never leaves me..."
Nicola "W-Well, if you insist... W-When my girlfriend is horny, I can't leave her hanging..."
Astrid "Oh, listen to you. You're just as horny as me... Haha... And since we're both so lusty... let's lose ourselves in passion."
Nicola "Heh, heheh... y-yeah, you're right, I gotta enjoy... this time we've got...!"
As Nicola wears a knowing smile, Astrid feels something slightly off.
Astrid (What... was that? I felt a spell of dizziness just now...)
Before Astrid can begin to think about it, however, Nicola thrusts his hips.
Astrid "Ahh! Mmmnn! N-Nicola, you surprised m----oh, you're going so fast, I... ahhh!"
Lips twisted in enjoyment, Nicola thrusts roughly into Astrid's pussy.
Every thrust whisks away at the remaining mixture of semen and pussy juice, making a lewd and wet sound each time.
The mixture turns into white bubbles that drip through their connection, acting as a lubricant that only speeds up his thrusts.
Astrid "Nnn, ahhh, mmm! Ahhh, my pussy, it's going to melt, ahhh!"
Nicola "Y-You really are easy to turn on, Astrid. L-Let me jam this beautiful mixture into your womb like... this!"
As he gazes at Astrid moaning in pleasure, Nicola thrusts into her deeper and harder with every push of his hips.
With every thrust into her semen-drenched womb, Astrid leans back in pleasure with a loud moan.
Astrid "Ahh, ahh, nnmm, ahhh! Oh, gods, I'm going to... Ohh, it's coming again, I...!"
Astrid "My womb, my womb's so sensitive. I... ahh, ahh... Your cock it's going to ruin meee!"
Her vaginal walls pulsate as she loses control of her voice, massaging the penis while lubricating its trip.
His cock grows harder and hotter in the face of the stimulation, growing so large as to cramp her passage.
Nicola "Heh, heheh, A-Astrid, you really love cock, huh?"
Astrid "N-No, it's you that I love, Nicola! It's your cock that I love!"
Astrid huffs herself up and answers Nicola's prank of a question through labored breaths.
Nicola "Oh? So you love me, and that's why my dick's the only one you like?"
Astrid "That's right! I love you, Nicola, I love you...! My love for you is so great that, mmm, I can't even think of getting any pleasure from another dick, ahh...!"
Nicola "Heh, heheh, hahaha! Y-You love me, huh? Y-You really do, huh? Hah, hahaha!"
A different flavor of smile comes over Nicola's face. One far more seeped in malice.
Astrid "Nn, ahh, ahh... mm? N-Nicola?"
Nicola "I'm lookin' forward to seeing if you can still say you love me... after this! Heheh, hahaha!"
Laughing all the way, Nicola slowly grabs Astrid's arms.
Astrid "W-What are you... Eep!?"
Right then, something falls from Astrid's body, and she is assailed by an unspeakable unpleasantness.
Astrid "Ah, ahhhh! No, this cannot be, I... I...!?"
Astrid (No, this can't be! I can't believe this! I was acting like Nicola's lover, wooing and seducing him of my own will!? No, noooo!)
Released from the new lustbrand's power of memory manipulation and made to see memories she was previously unaware of causes horror strikes her.
Her body quivers with terror and disgust, and she finds herself unable to speak.
Nicola "Heheh... haha! W-Well, Astrid? Will you still say you love me?"
Astrid "Ah, nnn, mmmm!?"
As Astrid loses herself in shock, Nicola violently thrusts into her.
His penis swells, bursting with joy from having plunged Astrid into despair. It grows as hot as magma.
As its blazing head strikes against her cervix, Astrid cannot help but feel waves of pleasure shoot up from her core to her head.
Astrid "No, no, stop, stop! Why did this... nnmmm, ahh! N-No, no, I'm not... I don't... I...!"
Nicola "Heheh, beautiful screams. Still enjoying my cock, are you? Heheh!"
Astrid "Nicola! You scum, you miserable piece of... nn, mmmm!"
She tries to thrash her arms and crush him as her anger dictates, but the rapid thrusts deep inside her sap her energy away.
Though bitterness and frustration overwhelm her, the pleasure of Nicola's thrusts shut out any resistance she could muster.
She wants to push the man away but finds herself unable to move either her arms or legs. She leans onto him, giving him her weight.
Astrid (No, this can't be happening...! I'm not enjoying this. I can't be. I just can't be!)
Nicola "W-What's the matter? You can keep on moaning, you know. Come on, let loose, haha!"
Astrid "Ghhk, how dare... nnmm, ahh! I... nmmm!"
His stiff head poking into her cervix is nearly enough to make all her rage fade.
He pinches at her erect nipples with painful force and precision, and though she wishes to cry with bitterness and self-loathing, she finds welling inside her an unspeakable urge: a desire for him to hurt her more.
Astrid "Nnnn, ghhhkkk, Nicola... nnmm, you... nnmmmm!"
Nicola "Haha, poor Astrid. I didn't expect you to cry! Here, l-let me kiss you to cheer you up. I know how much you love sucking down my spit, heh, heheh..."
Astrid "H-Hold it! No, I don't want it... S-Stay away, you... mmm!"
Astrid shakes and twists herself, but Nicola puts a hand to her head and brings his face in.
She tries to push him away but finds herself paralyzed by a strong thrust into her.
Astrid "Nmm! Mmmm! Nnnmmmmm!?"
Her resistance, insults, and attempts to run end in futility. Nicola just steals her lips.
Though overjoyed to share his lips in her memory, the sensation is now so disgusting she wishes to vomit.
Yet, for some reason, she feels a swelling in her chest.
She wants nothing more than to vomit, then to bite Nicola's tongue off and spit it back in his face, yet... the dance of their tongues pours a sweet numbness into her.
Astrid "Shhtay... away... fr----mm... nnmmm..."
Nicola "H-Heh, n-no need to be shy. You were enjoying yourself a while ago, w-weren't you? Sticking in your tongue like..."
Astrid "Chllpp, mmm, nnn, mmm... ahhh, mmm, nnmmm!"
He invades her mouth with his tongue and wraps it around hers before she can escape.
As he licks up and tastes her tastebuds, a chill runs down her back, and she cannot stop shaking.
And yet, she wants more.
She moves her tongue to his, yearning for his saliva.
Astrid "Nnkk... W-What have you...? Mmm, what have you done to me...? Chllp, mmm...!"
As Astrid shoots him a desperate glare, Nicola runs his saliva-covered tongue into her mouth.
She sucks on it loudly and swallows every last drop.
His stinking spit rolls down her throat.
Astrid "Urgh... ahh, chllp... nnn..."
Astrid (T-This is disgusting and yet...!)
For some reason, as her mouth fills with his stench, she feels her womb begin to tingle. It grows in sensitivity.
Her back begins to tremble, and she cannot deny her arousal.
Astrid "G-Get... off of... I can't take any..."
Right as she pleads with him, worried she will not be able to stop herself...
Astrid "Urgh, ahhhh! Nnnmm!"
Nicola increases the speed of his thrusts, mercilessly blowing into her womb.
She cannot help but let out heated cries from the shock.
Nicola "Y-You really do love kissing, huh? Your cervix is clamped down on my dick real nice!"
Astrid "N-No, that can't... I... ah, I can't stop my... ahhh!"
She cannot let this man do with her as he pleases.
She knows that, but her body squirms in pleasure with each of Nicola's deep thrusts, and she feels her legs tighten around his hips.
Nicola "Heheh, y-you don't have to hold me that tight because I'm about to blast into your womb!"
Astrid "W-What do you think you're saying!? Anything but that... I... nnmm...! W-Why am I... ahh, ahhh, mmm!"
Astrid keeps telling herself she has to run, escape, retreat, and yet her body refuses to listen. It feels like it is no longer hers.
Her pussy clenches with a passionate heat, hugging his penis and bringing it closer.
Astrid "D-Dispel this lustbrand, right now! You're forcing my body to be this way, I know you are!"
Nicola "Oh, I'm not doing a thing. Now now. You're free to leave if you want! Go! Right ahead!"
He speeds up his hips as he taunts Astrid, clearly preparing for a climax.
With every thrust of his head into the core of her pussy, Astrid feels disgust and even greater pleasure.
Astrid "Guh, ahh, ahhh! Why am I... ahh, mmmm!"
Nicola "Heheh, t-time's up! I'm gonna f-fill up your womb!"
Astrid "Nnmm, n-no, don't. You can't, I...nmmm!"
After a smug shout, Nicola pulls his hips back and thrusts up with enough force to rock Astrid's body over.
The impact is enough to make her feel as though her womb has been squashed flat. She loses her breath and nearly her consciousness.
Astrid "Ahhh, ahh, s-stop! Stop this now, Nicola... Nicolaaa! Any further and I'll really, I... nnmmaaa!"
Nicola "Your tits are stretched out too! Heh, heh heh, that's what I like to see! Now cum! Cum when I fill you up! Oh, oh, here I go!"
Right after violently thrusting into her core, his dick balloons up inside her and throbs with fury.
Astrid "No, don't... ahh, n-not inside... Not insiiide! I don't want your kid... I don't want your filthy... ahhhh!"
Phllllp!! Pssshhhh! Shllllp!")
Astrid "Nnn, nnnkkkkkkkk! T-There's so much in-inside me, I.... mmm!"
As the tides of hot white shoot into her, Astrid feels utter despair that the man she hates is impregnating her as she climaxes.
The throbbing of the penis inside her pussy brands imprints on her the pleasure of humiliation.
Astrid "Nnmmmaaa! No, no, no, no! Not from you, Nicola... ahh, ahhhhh!"
Nicola brings Astrid's hips in tight, sticking his spewing hole onto her core.
The raging tides pour into her womb, and the immense hatred and pleasure Astrid feels more than doubles in magnitude.
Astrid "N-No, how can there be more? My womb is being sullied and defiled by this disgusting man's seed... ahh, ahh..."
Plllsshh, phllp, psshhh! Pllp, shlllpp!")
Astrid "Nnmmmmmaaaaa! Ah, ahhhh! T-There's even more!? This thick, hot, vile seed is filling me up and....!"
As Nicola paints his lust all over her insides, Astrid soars to her humiliating climax through tears.
Astrid "Nn... ahh... ghhhk... Why...?"
Even after Nicola's ejaculation has ended, Astrid finds herself paralyzed in the aftershocks of her climax.
She can but powerlessly shed tears and glare at Nicola as he looks back at her in satisfaction.
Nicola "Y-You really know how to please a man, you know that? Maybe you knew the whole time you were a better whore than a wizard, aha, ahahaha!"
Astrid "You're the last person I... urgh.... ghhkk..."
Astrid (I can't... forgive you. I'll make you regret this. Mark my... words...!)
Until the moment Astrid loses consciousness from the aftermath of her immense climax, she keeps on glaring at Nicola in a deathly rage.
............
......
...
#04_ast005
More days have passed since then.
Astrid "Urgh..."
Astrid lets out a low groan as she opens her eyes. She has been seated on her bed, meditating.
Astrid "Gods, I've never had this much trouble concentrating... Ugh!"
Though she tries to focus her mind, memories of humiliation continue to float into her mind.
The incident a few days ago was particularly painful. She cannot forget how she had thought Nicola to be her lover, or how she initiated the sex passionately and aggressively.
Astrid "To think that I have clear memories of when I had lost myself... Ugh, what a disgusting state of affairs."
She speaks as she looks down at the lustbrand carved into her.
Still, she has to admit just how soundly she has lost.
It is a difficult reality to accept, but one she must accept nonetheless through gritted teeth.
Astrid "His skill in lustbranding is far more formidable than I had expected. I will accept that... and I will overcome it."
Astrid "I am the next Grandmaster of Kimia. In no world am I bested by a mere lustbrand!"
Her resolve strengthened, she returns to focusing her mana in an effort to dispel Nicola's lustbrand.
Around the same time.
Nicola "S-She never knows when to quit, and I know e-exactly what she'll be thinking around now."
Nicola "B-But she'll never break my lustbrand! I guarantee it!"
Derek "Well, I can see that you're confident. And I believe you, truly, I do."
Derek strains out a smile as he reassures Nicola. The mage has grown rather excited during his report.
And not in the best way, either----he has started to show a slight panic that even though he had toyed with Astrid as much as he could, complete control of her still eludes him.
Derek "Just don't forget your goal. Tormenting her with your lustbrand is the means, not the end."
Nicola "B-But of course. I'll break her stubborn spirit, y-you'll see!"
Derek "Then allow me to make a request."
Nicola "A r-request?"
Nicola's eagerness starts to fade.
A sly grin comes over Derek's face.
Derek "It's nothing too difficult. It's just that there are quite a few units saying they'd like to use her."
Nicola "O-Oh, that's it? Very well, I'll see it done."
Understanding what Derek means, Nicola regains his smile and nods eagerly.
Astrid "He's here..."
Nicola "W-What's the matter with you? Y-Your boyfriend is here. Can I not get a hello? Heh, heheh."
Nicola taunts her, twisting his lips into an unsettling smile.
Astrid simply glares at him.
He would be wrong to think she could be shaken by such a toothless provocation.
Astrid "Well? Are you going to put another one of those vile lustbrands into me and toy with me again? Is that all you have to do?"
She knows she's only putting up a front, but shooting back taunts is all that she can do.
Nicola "D-Don't be so cold. I-I'm not going to control your body or mess with your mind today, s-so don't worry."
Astrid "Do I have any reason to believe a word you say?"
Nicola "I'm telling the truth! B-But instead... I need you to do a job for me today."
The mention of a job immediately brings her mind back to the horror at the bar.
Astrid "So where do you want me to be a whore today and with who?"
Nicola "H-Here. Heh, heheh, you're pretty good at pleasing the troops, right?"
Astrid "Hmph. So that's what this is about."
?gRelieving the soldiers' tension."
She had experienced that many times since being made to accompany the Service Nation's army.
Though she had no lustbrand carved into her back then.
Astrid "Well, what are you waiting for? Bring in the men. I'll have as many of them as I need to."
Nicola "T-They'll be here soon. I'll just activate a n-new lustbrand on you beforehand. I-It'll make your work easier."
Astrid "Well, go right ahead. Do as you wish."
Without stammering or letting her voice break, Astrid shoots out a provocation of her own.
Not that she is not nervous.
However, the activation of a new lustbrand would allow her to analyze and memorize its structure. It presents a perfect chance.
Astrid (Just you watch. I'm putting up the fight of a lifetime today, and I'm crushing your precious little lustbrand magic.)
Nicola "Heh, heheh... W-When you realize what today's job is, you'll be really thankful for this spell."
With an unsettling smile, Nicola puts a hand on Astrid's lower abdomen.
Astrid "Ghhk... nnm...!"
She feels a heat so great she worries the brand will scorch her skin, and it gradually spreads throughout her body.
She feels a thirst, and her eyes grow dizzy.
Astrid "What in the... What did you do to me this time...? Nnmm... ah, hah, mmm, ahh..."
Nicola "D-Don't worry. You can move as freely as you wish, and you've all your wits about you, don't you?"
Like Nicola says, nothing feels particularly out of the ordinary.
Still, her body continues to heed up, and her palpitations do not cease.
Astrid glares at Nicola before her, not dropping her guard.
As she does, the door swings open, and a group of soldiers pours in.
Soldier A "Hey, Nicola, the commander told us the news!"
Soldier B "Said he'd let us play with the big-tittied broad you've been training!"
The burly soldiers seem to be about ten in number. The room suddenly feels much smaller.
Nicola "Heheh, perfect timing. I-I'd just gotten her ready."
Astrid "W-Wait, you mean... all of them...?"
Astrid's face tightens as more men than she'd expected surround her.
Soldier C "It's been a while, you remember me? I had a lot of fun with those huge tits a while back."
Soldier D "Damn, though, they're so big. What do you gotta eat to get them like that?"
The men make no effort to hide their lust, and their eyes gather on Astrid's chest.
Astrid (Such base, vile men, all of them!)
She reflexively covers her breasts with her arms and glares at the men.
Nicola "Y-You can't hide them away. Not with what you're about to do. Heh, heheh, and don't worry, I'll be helping. Y-You'll be fine. Heheheh!"
As Nicola whispers into her ear, Astrid can't help but feel worse.
Soldier A "We came here expectin' service with those huge tits of yours, so let's get the ball rolling."
Soldier B "Man, you never see tits that big. Can't wait to get into 'em."
The soldiers, clearly lacking in shame, all pull their penises out.
Every last one of them have their erections standing loud and proud.
Astrid "Guh..."
A unique reek fills the room, and Astrid scowls.
Saliva begins to build in her dry mouth, and she imagines it comes from nervousness.
Soldier A "All right, let's get started! We came all the way out here, don't keep us waiting!"
Astrid "All right! All right! Nn..."
Astrid (I don't know what lustbrand he's put on me, but... I've got to hold onto myself and... deal with these men...)
Surrounded by the soldiers, Astrid hides her nervousness and slowly crouches down in place.
#04_ast006h_ast04
Astrid "Ahh, ahhh... nnmm!?"
Holding her breasts up in an almost cradling fashion, she slides the stiff cock in front of her into their valley.
She quivers in pleasure feeling its heat on her chest.
Soldier A "Damn, I guess when they're this big, they gotta be soft! Gods above, I feel like I'm going to bust already!"
The soldier lets out a filthy laugh of pleasure with his cock sandwiched between her soft breasts.
Astrid finds herself unable to shoot back a taunt of her own. Her mind is captured by her shoulders quivering at the oddness in her breasts.
Astrid (That... that can't be... Why am I so sensitive here? Nnmmm!)
She fidgets around, but that only rubs the penis against the flesh of her breasts, sending electric shockwaves of pleasure throughout her whole body.
The pleasure feels as though her cleavage has become a vagina, one in the throes of the pleasure of insertion.
Astrid (It feels so sensitive like I can... I can feel the shape of it in my breasts... Ahh... ahh, so this is the lustbrand's effect... nnmm... mmm!)
Soldier A "Why're you breathin' so heavy? All I did was stick my dick in your tits. C'mon, making my cock sing is your job. Get to it."
Astrid "Nnn... I-I know, all right... Ahh, nn... I'm just about to get started..."
After quipping back to the soldier, Astrid begins to move the hands clutching her peaks.
Astrid "Nnn, mm... ahh...! Hah, mm... this is... mm, what you wanted, right... nnmm..."
She whispers, as if to encourage herself, and shakes the breasts she's brought together.
The tip of the penis in her cleavage is gently crushed between her breasts and wastes no time pulsating in pleasure.
For her part, the sensation of the burning rod burying itself into her breasts feels like a teasing of her pleasure nerves, bringing forth a sweet stimulation.
Her back trembles uncontrollably, and her breathing becomes labored.
Astrid "Haa, haa... nn, mmm... I can't believe it... nmmm... mmm...!"
Soldier A "Heh, I like the sound of that. That horny breathin' is really selling the mood too."
Astrid "Say whatever... nn, you want. Gods, it's, haah, heating up. What in the...?"
Astrid unconsciously quickens the hands shaking her breasts.
The dark head of his cock buried in her cleavage is already coated in clear fluids.
It makes a splotching sound as it paints the inner sides of her breasts, only adding to the eroticism of the moment.
Astrid (This sound... It sounds like he's thrusting into me from below... What in the...!? Ahh, I can't stand this. Why am I even thinking about this!?)
She snaps herself back to normal, shaking her head in an attempt to recover her sense of reason.
She still cannot tell whether the discomfort is being converted to pleasure, or rather her chest has simply been made more sensitive.
Still, she knows that she has the lustbrand to blame for her situation.
Astrid (I know that... I understand that, but... e-even if I do...)
Skklrch... cchh!")
Astrid "Nnn, aahh, mmah!? Wh----h-hold on, wait, I said, w----ahhh!"
The man begins to pump into her chest in a rough rhythm.
The extended head of his cock digs deep into the cavern her breasts create, and his thrusts rock her breasts back and forth.
Soldier A "Yeah, there we go! Really feeling the weight of these huge tits on the head... Damn, this feels good!"
Astrid "I told you to wait! I... nn, mm, ahhh!"
Each time his cock rubs against her soft, sensitive breasts, a powerful shockwave of pleasure shoots through her body.
One thrust reaches the bottom of her cleavage, making her feel as though her chest has been pierced through and nearly knocking her out.
Astrid (This cannot be... I-It really feels like I'm being thrust into down there...!)
The lustbrand seems to have amplified in effect.
Unable to resist the overpowering pleasure, Astrid can do little but emit sweet moans with every thrust.
Astrid "Ahhh, nnmmm, mmmm! Nnn! My chest, I... ahhh!"
Her breasts are wet with sweat and precum, lubricating his penis as it slides into her valley.
A masculine stench builds between her cleavage, and every breath she takes feels like a swig of hard liquor.
Astrid "I just... I can't... ahh, mmm... ahhh, aah, haa...!"
Astrid (I simply... cannot keep this up... I will break before they are finished if I have to go through them all!)
The overpowering pleasure wipes her reason away, rubbing out any plans she had.
All she can think about is enduring the humiliation and bringing it to an end as soon as she can.
She grits her teeth in resolution and brings her breasts together, harder.
Astrid "Ah, haah... All right, this has you in all the way to the base... ahh, mmm..."
She leans over slightly to engulf the thrusting penis entirely in her cleavage.
She then vigorously shakes her breasts up and down, massaging the shaft with their friction.
Soldier A "Oh? Feeling active all of a sudden? Haha, guess me pumping between your tits got you real horny."
Astrid "You must be, nn, joking. Mm... ahh... I just want to get this... mm, disgusting business over with, fast... mmm..."
Astrid tries to shoot back at the pleased soldier, but moans invade her quip.
She thinks herself pathetic for it, but the burning thrusts into her breasts leave her no capacity to feel shame.
Astrid (Why? Why does my chest tingle like this? It feels so good...!)
Astrid (It really feels... like when someone's plowing me down there... plowing into my pussy... even more, it... Ahh, why am I even thinking about this!?)
She grits her teeth and scolds herself internally as she continues pleasuring the man with her chest.
Astrid pushes her breasts together as hard as she can, and she can feel just how much larger the cock within has gotten. She can even thoroughly perceive its shape.
Thick veins appear all across it, and the head has stretched out a finger in length.
Just thinking that such a foul-shaped penis is ravaging her cleavage is enough to make her consciousness begin to fade with pleasure.
Astrid "Ah, haa, nn... ahh, just hurry and... finish already... Nnnmm, ahh!"
Soldier A "Huoh! Don't need to tell me twice with how you're working that cock! I'm not gonna last long!"
As Astrid pleads with him through labored breaths, the man lets out a pleased moan and begins to work his hips with shorter, faster thrusts.
The squishing sound in her chest grows louder, and Astrid's breasts tingle with a heat so great she wishes to claw away at them.
Astrid "Ahh, nnn....! D-Don't move like that, ahhh, mmm, ahhh!"
Soldier A "Oh, shit, here comes my load! I'm going to fill this cavern with my cum! Open wide, you big tittied whore!"
Astrid lets out a cry at his sudden speed, and the man looks down at her as he moves to climax.
The penis thrusts back and forth into the valley between the swinging breasts, making a wet sound with every insertion.
Astrid "Ah, ahh, ahh... mmm, just... h-hurry up with that load, already... ahh, ahhh!"
The man plunges his penis into her cleavage as if attempting to pierce through her chest.
Through her heated breasts, she feels his penis puff up from its base.
Psshhh! Plllp! Shlllp! Shlllllp!")
Astrid "Ahh! Nnn...! Oh, gods, there's so much, it's... it's so hot, ahhhh!"
Soldier A "Ahhh, shit, there it goes! C-Can't hold it back any longer... damn...!"
As his voice quivers in pleasure, his cock unleashes a creamy tide between her cleavage, pulsing all the way.
The thick semen splashes and spreads between her breasts, reaching all the way to the bottom of their valley.
Astrid "Nnn, ahh, aahhh! T-They're more? It's just so hot, I... nnn, mmmm!"
Astrid (My breasts are being sullied by his seed, yet it feels so... so good? Why am I cumming? W-Why can't I stop!?)
As her reddened breasts turn white with his milk, the pleasure of a climax shoots through her body like lightning.
Astrid lets out a lewd cry as she rubs her breasts and pushes them together, giving herself fully to the orgasm rippling through.
Astrid "I can't... Ahh, mmm, aaaahhhh! I don't want to cum... I don't want to... ahhhhh!"
Astrid "Ah, ha, hah... nnn... mmm..."
Finally released from the tides of pleasure, Astrid lets out labored, heated breaths.
With a satisfied grin, the man swings his hips a bit as if reluctant to leave his cock's cradle.
Soldier A "Hey, no spacin' out. You're on duty, remember? My cock needs some aftercare."
Astrid "Nmm, hah... S-Shut up... You... have no need to bring that up..."
Though she manages to squeeze out a complaint, she squeezes her breasts together as told and slowly rubs the rod between them.
She rubs it tightly from its base to its tip, making the penis quiver and splurt out what juice it has left.
Astrid "Nn, mm, ahh, gods, this reeks... Ugh, how much did you have built up in that thing, anyway...? Ahhh... Mmm..."
Astrid scowls at the semen's stench wafting up from her chest.
Yet, for some reason, the unpleasant stench brings out a tingling in her lower abdomen. It is a heat in her pussy despite its climax but moments ago.
Astrid (The power of this lustbrand defies all expectations... Just the scent of this is enough to throw me into a fit of lust?)
Toyed with by a combination of shame and arousal, she speeds up her servicing of the man between her to bring the trial to an end as soon as she can.
Astrid "Mmm... ah, ahh... nnm...!"
Finally satisfied, the man pulls back. He removes his cock from her breasts, trailing a string of cum from them as he does.
When his blazing rod leaves her cleavage, taking its heat with it, Astrid feels not relief but dissatisfaction.
When she becomes aware of this, she grits her teeth, disappointed in herself, but the yearning does not fade.
Astrid (I have to do something about the lustbrand and fast. If I could at least weaken it even temporarily...)
Astrid gathers her mana and attempts to affect Nicola's lustbrand.
Her mind cannot focus, however. It fades into a comfortable pleasure from the aftershocks of her powerful orgasm and the unyielding scent of semen.
Soldier A "Gotta say, it's been a while since I've cum this hard from just a titjob."
Soldier B "And she took all of it between her cleavage! Insane. I gotta bring my best."
With no time for Astrid to put together a countermeasure, the next man stands before her.
Astrid "Nnm... nn... ah..."
Astrid finds herself gulping when she sees the next man's cock in full form before her. It is a bit larger and has a greater stench than the last one.
It stands erect enough to bend slightly backward, and its tip secretes clear fluid.
Astrid (So, this one's next... W-Wait, why am I... looking forward to it? I can't, I simply ca----)
Soldier B "Heh, you're pretty eager. You want my dick in those cow tits that much?"
Astrid "In your dreams, cur. What woman in her right mind would think such a thing?"
Astrid stops herself from gulping again as she shoots back to the man.
Yet she cannot bring her eyes from his rod, and her body will not stop tingling.
Soldier B "Heheh, you've got some spunk in you. I like that in a woman."
With a chuckle, the man thrusts his hips forward and stabs his erect cock into Astrid's cleavage.
Astrid "Ahhh! Nnm, ahhh, ahhh... ahhhh!"
The semen covering the inner sides of her breasts ensures his penis a smooth passage, and it sinks in all the way to the base.
The yearning she feels in her breast changes to something different----a burning thirst.
Astrid (I'm feeling it again...! Why? Why does this miserable thing feel so good? Ahh!)
The cock reaches all the way to the bottom of her cleavage, rubbing along the flesh of her mounds on the way.
The fresh semen lining her breasts drips from them to the floor, and the scent of a new man wafts into her nostrils.
She takes pleasure from the scent to her surprise, and a heat overtakes her body.
Soldier B "Heh, now that's what I call a moan. Sounds like you like having this cock ravaging your tits."
Astrid "Ah, mm, y-you shut your mouth. I told you... mm, ahh, that no woman in her right mind would desire such a... mmm, filthy thing in her..."
Soldier B "Oh? That so? Gee, sorry about jamming such a filthy thing into you, then."
Astrid "Mmm, ahh... mmm!?"
Shllrkk, chlp chlp...!")
With a fiendish grin, he starts to rhythmically move his hips.
He brings his cock back and forth through her deep valley, making sure to meticulously rub the sperm across the walls of the breasts he finds himself in.
Soldier B "Damn, these tits squeeze real nice. Would've been real tough to get in and out if they weren't this wet."
Astrid "Ahh, ahh... what do you think you're... mmm! D-Don't treat these like they're... ahh, ahhh, mmm!"
He sinks his penis into her cleavage down to the base, then starts firing off short, rapid thrusts.
His precum-covered cock pounds between her breasts, giving her no time to breathe.
Astrid feels a wild pleasure with each strike as though a cock is thrusting against her cervix. She cannot help but moan.
Soldier B "That's an even better moan than before! You must really like giving titjobs, huh?"
Astrid "Ghhk... I-I keep telling you, you have this all... ahh, wrong...! How many times must I... mm, ahh, nnmm!"
Astrid desperately tries to talk back, but moans mix into her words, robbing them of any persuasive power.
Yet, the man stops thrusting at her chest and slowly pulls back his hips.
Her breasts massage the head on the way out. They're drenched with semen, sweat, and precum, so it makes make a lewd, sopping sound when pulled out.
Astrid "Wh----? Mm... ah, what are... ahh...?"
With his hips pulled back, he starts to very slightly thrust his rod back and forth around the middle of her cleavage.
Her breasts quiver, rustled by the penis within.
Astrid "Ah, ahh, mm, h-hold... nn, mm... ahh...!"
The wide penis head tickles her breasts, making them sway from the middle.
Astrid can only feel frustration build in her large bust.
Alien thoughts begin to surface. If only he would rub her nipples and make them peek out of her areolas. If only he would rub against her breasts, hard.
Noticing this, Astrid, of course, shakes her head, trying to wipe the thoughts away.
Still, as he continues his gentle thrusts into her, a tingling takes over her body. She can feel him specifically avoiding where she is most sensitive, only making her more frustrated.
Astrid "Nn... mm, ahh... nn... mmm... ah, how long are you... going to... mm..."
Her tingling nipples and underboob receive no stimulation. The uneven rubbing just makes her skin grow sweaty.
With frustration peaking, she squeezes her breasts together tightly on her own but quickly loosens her grip once she notices.
Soldier B "Heh, what's the matter? You look awful impatient."
Astrid "It's, ngh... nothing... Ah, aghhh, nghhh, ah, ah, ahhhh... khhhhh..."
With a grin, the man jams his penis in even deeper.
Right before his burning head can reach the bottom of her cleavage, however, he brings it back to where it was.
Her expectation betrayed, Astrid grits her teeth in frustration.
Astrid (If he'd just thrust in a little harder... Ahh, why am I even thinking this...!?)
Astrid desperately resists the desire bubbling up in her.
He continues to thrust into her valley in short bursts again as if to mock her resistance.
His cock moves forward. It is as hot as iron in a forge and parts her pushed-together breasts.
Astrid "Hahh... hahhh, ahhh... nghhh, ahhh... ahhhh, nghh, hahhh..."
Astrid (My breasts, my cleavage, it's like it's...memorized the shape of this man's cock. Mmm, oohh, gods, it's going all the way to my core...)
Astrid (No, I-I can't let myself think like this... Ahh, I have to endure...!)
His penis would submerge fully into her breasts, piercing the core of her cleavage. The expectation makes her womb contract, tingling with anticipation.
Yet his rod stops right before it gets there and slowly pulls back again.
Astrid "Mmm... w-why...?"
Soldier B "Why? Whaddaya mean, why? Sounds like you're sulking to me. Sulking that I'm not jamming it in all the way. Is that it?"
Astrid "Wh----? Ahh, ahhh, n-no..."
Being completely seen through, Astrid struggles to find words to protest and is unable to do so.
Seeing her vulnerability, he plunges his cock in, hard.
Scchhhrch! Shllp! Ccchhhk!")
Astrid "Mmmph! Nnmm, aahhh!?"
A complete shift from his slow thrusts before, now he stabs with such force that her breasts rustle from the impact.
His head digs into her skin, striking the core of her cleavage, and pulls far out before diving in again.
Astrid "Ah, t-too fast... nn, mm, ahhh! Ahh, n-no, you can't... nnn, mmmm!"
Soldier B "Heh, finally getting into it, huh? What happened to that spunk of yours, you horny big tittied bitch?"
He breathlessly thrusts his hips as he mocks her.
The man stimulates her, mixing in diagonal thrusts of his rod to dig into her breasts.
Astrid "W-Wait, if you... ahh, ahh, mmm, nnn, nnmmaaa!"
Her bouncing breasts quake with pleasure at every thrust he pushes out.
The nipples hidden within her areolas have fully shown their faces, and a powerful wave of numbing pleasure shoots through her every time his hips hit them.
Astrid (I'm being violated! I-It's like he's tearing into my pussy! My breasts are being raped, and yet, and yet... it feels so good!)
Though she knows she has to keep herself quiet she moans as if his penis is playing puppetmaster.
His rod strikes against the bottom of her cleavage, and his hips squash her breasts between them in a lustful, twisted shape.
The semen rubbed onto her skin from the friction lets out a more powerful scent, and Astrid finds herself unable to stop her arousal.
Astrid "Ahh, it's so hot, oh gods... Ahh, ahh, nnnn! I can't... I just... ahh, ahhhh!"
Soldier B "Can't take any more? Going to cum from this dick between those huge tits of yours? All right, I'll play along----I'll bust all over your breasts!"
Astrid "N-No, I... ahh, eep! I don't want to cum. I don't want to cum, but I'm... ahhh!"
The recoil from being teased so long as her breasts pulse with a burning heat.
It has such force to it that her vision goes blank for a moment, and she unconsciously pushes her breasts together as hard as she can.
It squeezes the penis fully between them, and she can feel how much it throbs.
A sweet current shoots through her breasts from the tips of her nipples to their core, and numbness takes her over as she feels something hot coming on.
Astrid "Oh, gods, you... I... here, it comes. Oh, gods, here it comes. I'm going to... I'm gonna... nnnmmmm!?"
Plllsssshhh! Plsh plsh, shllllp! Plsssh!")
Astrid "I'm cuuuuummiiiiiing! Ah, my tits, they, ahh... ahhhhh!"
Astrid throws her back backward and shoves her breasts toward the man.
The rod in her cleavage unleashes a torrent of white, and right as she feels a sweet pain as the splash hits her nipples...
Astrid "Ahhh! Why? Why!? Why is my milk...? Ahh, ahhhhhh!"
Astrid "This doesn't make sense! I'm not supposed to lactate! It doesn't... It doesn't make any seeeense! Ahhh, I'm shooting out milk while I cum!"
Soldier B "Ahahaha! What the hell, lady, you lactate? I guess something has to be in those huge tits!"
Soldier A "Damn! I've never seen a woman shoot milk like that!"
Milk spews out of Astrid's hard nipples from the power of the lustbrand, and a unique, sweet smell takes hold.
Aroused by being sprayed with milk, the man's penis throbs as it continues to fire off a milky stream of its own.
The semen leaking from her cleavage sullies her breasts with sticky white, and the hot sensation only intensifies Astrid's orgasm.
Astrid "Stop, make it stop...! I don't want this... I don't... nn, mmm, ahhhh! More milk, more milk is comiiiing!"
Blasting milk from her nipples as she does, Astrid is overcome by a violent orgasm, tears streaming down her face.
Astrid "Haah, haah... nnmm... mm... ahh..."
Astrid (My breasts are still tingling... My nipples, they feel so sweetly numb...)
As her shoulders quiver from the climax, more sticky milk leaks out of her nipples.
Yet her breasts still feel taut, and she is overwhelmed with the desire to grope them.
Desperately holding the impulse back, she raises her head and is met with the vision of men. Men holding their erect cocks out as if to show them off as they look down on her.
Astrid (How... many more are there? No, no, I can't let myself whine. I can do this. I can do them...)
Astrid desperately tries to pump herself up with an internal pep talk.
Yet a simple whiff of the mixture of fluids on her breasts, the semen and the milk, is enough to send her mind away.
The scent arouses her irresistibly, and she feels her lower half begin to tingle.
Even rubbing her legs together to distract herself only brings her attention to the heat of her crotch.
Soldier C "Heheh, I guess if you've got boobs this big, you'd have to like giving titjobs, eh?"
Soldier D "How 'bout you take two of us at once? I bet a cock lover like you can't be satisfied with just one at a time, haha!"
Astrid "W-What do you mean, two at once...?"
When two soldiers step before her, Astrid lets slip her confusion.
Two of them in her cleavage at once? Impossible.
Yet the men grin at each other and thrust at the same time from either side.
Shlllp! Nncccch! Splrk!")
Astrid "Gggghkkkk!? Guh, nnn, mmmmmaaaahhh!?"
The stiff cocks push against the peaks of her breasts, then sink into her soft flesh.
Her pointed, stiffened nipples are crushed under the black head of his cock and pushed back into her areolas.
Astrid "Ahhh! You cannot be serious! What are you doing to my breasts!?"
Wildly different from a cock sliding between her breasts, the sensation of her breasts themselves violated by penises leaves her at a loss.
This is compounded by her sensitive nipples being hammered by their thrusts, adding overwhelming stimulation.
Astrid's back rustles to an unknowable chill, and she screams as she thrashes her hair about.
This is, of course, only the beginning.
Sllrch! Plrrl! Pop!")
Astrid "Nnn! Ahh, j-just, pull them out... Pull them out! Mmm, ahh... that's not where you're supposed to put them! Nmmaah!?"
As Astrid shudders from her chills, the men twist their hips, thrusting deeper into her breasts.
Their cocks sink deep enough into her rounded, soft breasts to deform them into a bizarre shape.
Astrid "Nnmmmm? Ah, aaiiee!? Ghhk, w-wait, nnn, mmmaaah!"
Astrid (Ahh, why!? My chest is getting crushed, but it feels so... hot...!)
The shame of having her breasts thrust into and the pain of having her nipples pushed on convert themselves into sheer, burning pleasure.
A tingling heat ravages her breasts as she finds herself wishing for the cocks to thrust deeper and harder.
Astrid (No, no, no! That's not what I'm thinking! I wouldn't! I couldn't! I... ahhh!)
Though she tries to convince herself otherwise, a burning moan escapes from her lips as the cocks burrow deeper into her breasts.
The heat from her breasts makes her wiggle her hips, evoking a tingling in her womb.
Soldier C "My dick goes in this deep, seriously!? I can't believe this thing's softer than dough!"
Soldier D "It's all warmed up and wet with milk and sweat, so it's easy as hell to move in. Thing's basically a cunt!"
The men start to twist their hips around with their penises in as deep as they can go, reveling in the unexpected pleasure.
Milk flows from her nipples as the cocks thrust into them, making a lewd, wet sound.
Astrid "Ahh, ahh, p-please, don't move anymore. Stop... Stop pushing in like that...!"
Soldier C "Hm? What? You want us to push into these nipples more?"
Soldier D "Don't need to tell us that! Haha, look at all this milk. It's got the field all nice and ready!"
Astrid's pleas only stoke the men's sadism, and they begin to thrust in more violently.
Ssllllcchhhh! Chlp, chlp, spplllrrrch!")
Astrid "Eep! S-Stop, not so hard, oh, gods... ahh, nn, aaahhh!"
Her breasts are hammered into without rest, and Astrid's moans fill the room in ever-increasing volume.
A wet, sopping sound compliments her moans, sounding like a cock sliding into a cunt as two thrust into her nipples.
Astrid (Ahh, w-why!? I know this makes no sense, and it's so painful I can barely breathe, yet... it just feels so good, all the way down to my womb!)
Astrid "Aahhh! Ahh, eeeeaaaahhh!"
Her breasts grow more sensitive as they are plowed into, and they stretch so much it hurts.
As the thrusts continue, sticky milk flows from her erect nipples.
The milk wets her breasts and acts as a lubricant, only making the cocks thrust harder.
Her breasts smash loudly against the men's hips as they thrust.
Astrid "I can't... take it anymore! Please, leave my nipples, just... ahh, ahh, mmm, ahhh!"
The men vary up their thrusts, making sure to twist their hips in between their pistons.
With every grinding thrust of their stiff heads into the cushions of her breasts, a sharp, numbing pleasure shoots through all the way to her fingers.
Though she rejects the pleasure, she finds herself unconsciously groping her breasts and moaning.
Astrid "Nnn, mmm, ahhh! I-I told you I can't take any... ahhh! Ahh, you're going all the way, ahh, in!"
Soldier C "Heh, don't worry, we're gonna blast our seed into these horny tits of yours!"
Soldier D "I'm gonna creampie between them titties, get ready! Here it comes!"
Splrch, splllch, chlllp, ssslrrrchh!")
Astrid "Gahhh! Ahh, mmm, oohhhh! Uwah, ah, ahh, don't cum inside my tits, ahhhh!"
Astrid shakes her head at the men's words and fierce thrusts, showing rejection.
Yet the penises plowing into her have a much greater heat than before about them, and her stiff nipples begin to tingle with an anticipatory ferocity that hurts.
The signs of orgasm immediately blossom in her bosom.
She can feel the cocks beginning to throb as if they sense her readiness.
Astrid "Ahhh, stop, no! Don't cum into my tits! Cum outside please!"
Soldier D "Like we'd waste our seed! All right, I'm gonna make this huge tit pregnant!"
Astrid "No, you can't! You can't! Ahhhhhh!"
The men thrust so deep it seems they intend to pierce her breasts.
Her soft breasts sink around the shafts, quivering as they are thrust into.
Pssshhllllp! Ppplllllp! Pssshp, pssshpp!")
Astrid "Ah, nnn, ahhh! This can't be! This can't be! This can't be! You actually did it! You actually came inside my tits, ahhh!"
The cocks fire off their discharge with enough force to push the flesh enveloping them back.
As the semen pours onto her nipples, she feels as though the hot liquid is truly gushing into her peaks.
Astrid "No, no, I'm going to... Ah, my milk, it's going to spill out again! I'm going to lactate while being cum intoooo!"
Her squished nipples feel hot enough to catch fire. They ignite, shooting out milk with an audible squirt.
The sensation of the milk's passage through her nipples and the relief of the expelling of what has been built up engulfs Astrid in pleasure.
Astrid "Ahh, hyah! I can't! I can't stop it, I just can't stop it... The milk and the cum, they just won't stop... ahh, ahhh!"
Pssshhhh! Plllsshhh! Psshaaaah!")
Astrid "Nnmmmmaaaaah! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming through my tits! I'm... ahhhhhh!"
Slammed by the twin pleasures of the ejaculations into her breasts and the burst of lactation, Astrid can do little but shriek in ecstasy.
Astrid "Haah, haah, nn, mmm... ah... my breasts can't... anymore..."
When the ejaculation and lactation finally stops, Astrid simply cradles her drenched, sticky breasts and sobs out what she can.
Her breasts----no, her whole body is still numb in the aftershocks of her orgasm.
A bit of remaining milk squirts out of her nipples.
Astrid (Why...? Why do I take pleasure in something as humiliating as this? It simply... It simply makes no sense... I just can't...)
Though she knows the lustbrand has a hand in it, she cannot believe how easily her body has fallen to pleasure.
Nicola "H-Heh, heheh... it's not over yet, Astrid. You've got to pleasure everyone, remember? H-Heh..."
Nicola throws Astrid an unsettling grin, leaning from the wall.
Astrid "You... can't be..."
She trembles in fear and disgust.
Yet her bust and womb tingle, seemingly with anticipation.
Astrid despairs at herself.
Soldier E "Okay, I'm up next! A titjob or nipple fucking. Decisions, decisions..."
The remaining men push their way in line toward Astrid.
The sight of their erect cocks before her and the choking smells they bring heat Astrid's body up again.
What follows is a blur to her. She drowns in pleasure, moaning all the way as the men viciously thrust into her breasts in a whirlwind of depravity.
............
......
...
#04_ast007
Astrid's days of being at the mercy of Nicola's lustbrand, a curse she cannot break, continue.
Astrid "Ah... nn, mm... no, I don't want this, but I just.... ahhh!?"
Astrid finds herself awoken from her shallow sleep by her own pained scream.
Astrid "Nn... ahh, ah, mm... Wh----? Just a... a dream...?"
Astrid looks around her and wipes the cold sweat off her brow. A self-deprecating smile comes over her face as she stands up.
Astrid "Gods, what a joke. Tormented by bad dreams now, are we? Heh..."
She murmurs powerlessly to herself and seeks a distraction. Peering out the grates of her window seems promising.
Though the sun is about to rise, the brothel district of the faraway streets is awash with lamp light.
Astrid can make out women in skimpy outfits calling to potential customers on the winding roads.
Astrid "What a disgusting land this is."
In this land ruled by lust, women are treated as little more than tools to please men.
As a woman who rose to be the land's greatest mage, she could not accept this state of affairs.
Astrid (Are the others... are my pupils suffering the same fate as I am, I wonder?)
Her face goes pale as her mind wanders to her comrades and pupils.
She has a responsibility toward her pupils at the very least. She has the obligation to save them.
Astrid (And yet, look at me. What have I been doing?)
Astrid (I've had my body taken over and been forced to masturbate before a crowd of lustful men...)
Astrid (I've had my mind taken over and been forced to dance on the man I hate's lap as if he were the love of my life...!)
Astrid (I had those vile soldiers use my chest as... as a hole...)
Astrid "Ah... mm... w-why? Why does the mere memory make me... mmm?"
Astrid vigorously shakes her head and shouts, trying to push away the tingling she feels climbing up her body.
Yet the more she focuses on it, the more the lustful sensation spreads throughout her body, bringing with it a blazing heat.
As she squirms, her swelling clitoris begins to rub against her undergarments, sending a shock up her spine sweet enough to make her mind blank for a moment.
Astrid "No, no, no! I take no pleasure in any of that! I would never! He just forced me!"
Astrid "Disgusting, awful, vile memories! I want them out of my mind for good, and yet... yet..."
Astrid (I know I shouldn't remember them, and yet...)
The scene of her exposing her privates for the viewing pleasure of bawdy, drunk men and climaxing again and again.
The scene of her acting as though the man who trapped her with his vile magic was her lover and joyfully accepting his rod into her.
Each humiliating memory forces her pleasure sensors on.
Her breathing becomes labored, and she finds herself unable to stand.
??? (Come now, be honest with yourself. You know you can't forget the pleasure, the joy of shame he gives you.)
Astrid "No! Pleasure of shame? I take pleasure in no such thing! And none from such a horrible man!"
Her inner voice sounds so clear that Astrid wonders if she isn't alone.
Yet when she looks around her room, eyes wide with rage, surprise, and excitement, she sees no one.
The voice whispers to her again.
??? (But it felt great, didn't it? Be honest with yourself. You can't deny it... heheh...)
Astrid "No! It's all this blasted lustbrand! That's... that's all it is!"
Astrid desperately shoots back at her inner voice, feeling how much it wants to admit defeat.
She looks down at the lustbrand carved into her and takes a deep breath to stop herself from shaking in rage.
Astrid "That's... that's right. If it weren't for this lustbrand..."
If she does not break free of the lustbrand's control, she will be subject to even further humiliations.
Yet as she is now, she cannot overcome the curse.
The spell has proven far more meticulously crafted, complex, and powerful than she had initially imagined.
She would likely need some powerful tools and facilities to break free.
Astrid "This is just something I... can't do on my own, isn't it..."
It hurt her pride as the greatest wizard in the land, but she cannot deny the reality.
Astrid "Then I suppose I have no choice... but to change plans."
With that murmur, she focuses on her right hand and builds up a simple spell.
A tiny flash of lightning sparks from it.
In her current state, she cannot manage much more than that.
It would be enough to knock out the average man, but it is hardly promising as a means of escaping and saving her pupils.
Astrid "This won't work unless I make direct contact, either... Hmm, what to do... What to do..."
Nicola aside, the soldiers guarding her door are all burly men far physically stronger than her.
She would need to ambush them to fight on even footing.
Unfortunately, however, the furniture in her room provides poor cover.
Astrid "I guess I have no choice but to... Ahh..."
The solution is obvious, but she is loath to admit it.
She would have to use herself as bait.
Astrid "I'll be fine. I've... I've been through worse."
She's been at the men's mercy many a time and has been made to say the most humiliating things.
Balling her hands into fists before they can tremble, Astrid tells herself she can lure a man.
Right as she starts to think of the process of saving her pupils and escaping, however, she hears hurried footsteps approaching her room.
Astrid "Hah... I suppose there's no time to be picky about my plan."
To be honest, her plan can hardly be called one.
Still, neither she nor her pupils have time for her to lay out an intricate escape plot.
The reality is that she has no choice but to gamble on an all-or-nothing shot.
Astrid (I... I can do this. I know I can!)
She would only have one chance. Her heart beats so fast and with such nervousness, she feels like it will leap from her chest.
She puts a hand to her chest and takes a few deep breaths as she quickly goes over the steps of her rough plan.
Right then, the door opens.
Nicola "H-Heh, heh, hey there, Astrid. Were you a good girl while I was away?"
Nicola gives her the unpleasant smile he always does.
Just the feel of his eyes on her is enough to give Astrid goosebumps, but she endures and averts her eyes.
Astrid "Oh, you know, the usual. I was doing rather decently until I had to hear that revolting voice of yours."
Nicola "H-Heh, a l-lovely greeting. Heh, heheh!"
Nicola simply laughs at her barb, and she imagines him to be indulging in the dark joy of tormenting the proud mage.
Astrid (I bet he has another terrible experience planned for me today, but... unfortunately for him, I have other plans...!)
After encouraging herself, she begins to make herself quiver and wraps her upper body in her arms.
Astrid "Ahh... mm, s-so, what do you have in store for me today?"
Nicola "H-Heh, what's the matter, Astrid? Your face's all red. You that excited to see me?"
Astrid "Oh, get over yourself. My body's just a little... mm, nn, ahh..."
Astrid puts her pride aside to let slip sweet moans in the face of Nicola's question.
Nicola "T-That's strange, though. I haven't done anything with the lustbrand yet. Heh, haha...!"
Astrid "Stay away from me! When you're near me, I get even more... ahh, mmm..."
She holds herself, cradling her large breasts as she accelerates her breathing.
Astrid (Well? This is what you wanted, isn't it? Come on, just a little closer...)
Nicola "I-Is there something going wrong with the lustbrand? H-Heh, now this I didn't expect!"
Nicola "All right, l-let's have a look-see. I-If something happens to you, it's on me, you see."
With a solid justification on paper, Nicola approaches. Astrid looks at him with cautious, somewhat fearful eyes.
His crotch has bulged so much she can clearly make out its shape.
She watches and waits. Just a little closer.
Nicola "C-C'mon, let me get a good look at your face, heh, heheh..."
He bends over next to her and speaks as he puts his hand on her cheek.
The strangely cold, somewhat sweaty sensation disgusts her so that she nearly vomits.
Astrid bites her lip, endures, and...
Astrid "N-No, stay away... I-I don't want this...!"
When she says that with genuine bitterness, she brings her face closer to his as if to coax out a kiss.
Nicola "Heh, heheh, proactive out of nowhere, I like that! L-Looks like the lustbrand is a bit too at home in you, haha!"
That is all it takes for Nicola to rejoice. His cheeks soften as he lets out an ugly laugh.
Astrid "Like hell it is."
With a cold whisper, Astrid puts her right hand on Nicola's defenseless neck and casts her shock spell.
Nicola "Gyahhh!? Gah..."
Astrid "Even a weak spell like this stings at point-blank range, doesn't it? Hmph!"
Nicola falls over, eyes blank and unconscious. Astrid looks down and scoffs at him.
She quickly rolls up her pillow cover and curtains to gag and bind Nicola, then pushes him under her bed.
Astrid "All right, the first stage was surprisingly easy but will the rest of it work out...? No, I'll make it work!"
Her room is under constant guard by sentries.
As she is now, she cannot hope to defeat them by any means other than an ambush like she had with Nicola.
On the other hand, that means that if she takes them by surprise, the win is hers.
Astrid "I can't let this chance slip by!"
She pumps herself up with a whisper, then glances at Nicola. He's completely out cold.
Astrid "I'm going to put every vile, underhanded thing I learned from you to use."
With that, she strips down, casting off her underwear.
Astrid "I wouldn't do this if not for this damned lustbrand, but... this is the only option I have...!"
With an irritated glare at the lustbrand engraved on her, Astrid steels herself and goes out the door.
Astrid "Hey, soldier boys... how about a good time?"
She calls out to the two guards a bit away from the room, desperately trying to keep up a natural-seeming smile.
Soldier A "Hm? H-Hey, you're not supposed to leave your room!"
Astrid "I'm sorry, but this is what Master ordered. He told me to reward you two for all your hard work."
She leans over as she talks, showing off the top side of her exposed breasts to the men.
She sees their eyes bolt onto them as she squishes them in her arms, making them change shape like jelly.
Soldier B "Heh, pretty appealing get-up you've got there. So those are the huge tits with the sunken nipples I keep hearing about, huh?"
Soldier A "Yeah, everyone loves the gap between how giant her breasts are and how they hide inside, heheh."
It sounds like word of her pleasuring the men a few days ago has gotten around.
The soldiers drop their caution at Astrid's offer, and lustful smiles come over their faces.
Astrid (Just a little more... I have to make them drop their guards just a bit more...)
She feels like she'll start trembling from embarrassment.
She pushes through the shame and continues her performance, drawing on her hated memories.
Astrid "My pussy m-may not be fully up to brothel standards, b-but please enjoy it..."
Astrid "I-I'll wiggle my huge breasts with their sunken nipples and g-give your cocks a wonderful time, so..."
With every awkwardly delivered lewd statement, she feels tears build up out of sheer embarrassment.
She desperately holds them back and claims the lustfulness that she had previously been forced to act out, using it to seduce the guards.
Soldier A "Heh, well, if you insist."
Soldier B "Yeah. It's all part of the job, you know?"
Just as planned, the charmed men walk up to Astrid.
Astrid "Oh, yes, right over here. My pussy's so sopping wet I'm going to leak all over the floor if you don't plug it up with those cocks..."
Holding back her nervousness, she desperately keeps up her seductive act until the men are close enough to touch.
She wriggles her body around, rubbing her crotch with her thighs as the men look at her with lustful smiles.
Soldier A "All right, I'll jam it in 'til you cry."
Soldier B "You offered, so you'd better satisfy us."
Pleased as can be, they walk right up to her and reach for Astrid's shoulders without a hint of suspicion.
Astrid does not let that slip.
Astrid "You gullible fools!"
With words of cold rage, she slaps their cheeks with an electrified palm.
Soldier A "Wh----gghhhk!?"
One of them is hit hard and goes down. However----")
Soldier B "Gwah!? What the hell... s-someone!"
She slightly mistimes her strike and only scrapes the other one's cheek with her finger.
His training seeming to come into play, the soldier pulls an emergency whistle out of his pocket before Astrid can strike again and blows.
Astrid "Tch, you..."
Soldier B "Ahhhhh!"
She knocks him out with another electrified slap.
Astrid "Damn it all, I was so close...!"
She scowls but hears a group of other soldiers running toward her. They must have heard the whistle.
Astrid "I won't give up... I'll never give up...!"
She floats the idea to go back into the room and get her clothes, but she stops.
No one would look twice at a naked woman in this particular castle.
Astrid readies herself and runs opposite the footsteps.
However...
Derek "A pretty appealing sight, I have to say. Looks like you're coming into your own as a whore."
Astrid "Ghhk..."
Astrid had been dashing through the halls, relying on her intuition to make it to the exit, but she's run into the last person she wanted to: Derek.
Perhaps the soldiers were chasing her toward him the whole time.
Astrid (I suppose that's what I get for such an unplanned escape, but...)
She observes the distance between her and Derek, showing no sign of giving up just yet.
Derek "I thought you'd come up with more of a plan if you were going to escape, but I suppose that shows how far you've been pushed. I'm surprised Nicola did so well."
Astrid "Oh? And how do you know I hadn't planned for you striding up to me, so full of confidence?"
Derek "If that's what you want to think, I won't stop you. Either way, I'm the one who decides what happens next."
Astrid "Oh, I wouldn't be... so sure about that!"
She dashes toward him, too close for him to draw his sword.
She knows the dangers, but she has no other choice. Astrid rushes in, ready to die.
Astrid "Sweet dreams!"
She charges up a more powerful lightning spell in both of her hands.
Dashing as fast as her legs can take her, she goes in to tackle the man, but...
Derek "Alas. What a sorry end you've given yourself."
With a bored whisper, Derek appears right before her.
Before Astrid can react, she feels a shock in her neck.
Astrid "Ahhh...! Guh...!"
Astrid (I was so...close...)
She is chopped by the back of his hand. When the awareness hits her, her legs have already gone limp, and her vision has gone dark.
Nicola "W-Why you...! How dare you do that to me!"
Astrid "Urk..."
Astrid is slapped again and again by an indignant Nicola in a dark room.
The smacks fail to break her. She simply looks up at him with a confident smile.
Astrid "Hmph, it just goes to show what a fool you are, that's all."
Nicola "S-Say that again!"
Derek "She's right, you know."
When Derek chimes in from behind, Nicola awkwardly hangs his head.
Nicola "S-She put on an act, a deception, t-that's why..."
Astrid "Do you not feel foolish for falling for such an obvious ploy? Such a poor act?"
Nicola "S-Silence! Silence, you!"
Nicola holds his hand up in a rage.
However, Derek speaks up again to stop him.
Derek "You're dealing with future Service Nation merchandise. If you're going to take out your frustrations on her, then do it the right way."
Nicola "O-Oh... r-right you are."
He slowly lowers his hand and takes a few deep breaths to calm himself.
Astrid "Done already? You really never see anything through, do you? I suppose that's just the kind of man you are."
Nicola "S-Shut up! Silence! Silence!"
Astrid shoots him a taunting look as he goes blue with rage.
Her escape attempt may have ended in failure, but she hasn't folded yet.
Nicola stares back at her resolute eyes with bloodshot pupils of his own.
Nicola "V-Very well, it seems I've been t-too lax on you! Next time I'll go all the way, you'll see!"
Nicola "I'll show you what true humiliation is... y-you'd best ready yourself, Astrid! Aha, ahaha!"
Derek "Do as you will, but make sure you don't break her."
Derek cautions Nicola as he laughs maniacally.
The wizard licks his lips as he reaches for Astrid.
Astrid "Nnn! Ah, ahh...!"
Astrid (I'll... I'll be fine... I won't fold to this man...!)
Astrid screams inside as she feels her lustbrand heating up.
Then, a few days later...
Nicola has taken Astrid out of the Service Nation.
Her destination being...
Mage A "Hey, that's... that's Lady Astrid!"
Mage B "B-But look at the guy behind her! It's..."
Commotion begins as soon as the two enter town.
The clamor draws eyes, and a large crowd gathers.
All are mages, of course. Many are acquaintances of Astrid.
This is no surprise. This is, after all, the town of mages Astrid was born and raised in.
There is, however, one great difference from before.
There is not a single young woman in town. The only women left are all elderly.
All of the women of age have been taken off to the Service Nation.
Astrid (I... cannot believe they've gone this far...)
Nicola "Heh, h-heh, what a welcome! They really love their n-next Grandmaster, I see."
Astrid "Indeed, unlike you... nn, mm... M-My reputation pales in comparison to... to yours, m-my... lord."
She tries to insult Nicola walking behind her but finds herself saying the exact opposite.
The lustbrand has taken over her body again.
Astrid (Did he have to humiliate me in my hometown for all the things? What scum...!)
This was the town she had lived in until her capture.
It took no imagination to piece together why he took her here.
Astrid (Though, from the looks of it... it does not seem like too much damage has been done.)
Though occupied by the Service Nation, it looks unchanged from when she had lived there. On the surface, at least.
The people gathering around her seem to be in good health and spirits, and that is enough to soothe her heart.
Nicola "Heh, heheh, l-looks like they just showed up on their own. S-Saves me the trouble b-because it's about time."
Nicola stops when they've gotten halfway through the main road.
Mage C "Oh, Lady Astrid, what have they done to you...?"
The townsfolk gathered around them look at Astrid with worried eyes.
Astrid (Sorry for worrying you... Oh, I feel so powerless. If only I could do something...)
She does not even have the freedom to smile at the people worried for her.
As she feels even more shame from that, Nicola begins to speak, theatrically.
Nicola "L-Listen up, all of you! As you know, this town is under the control of the Service Nation. A-And today, I'm here to show you just how splendid that is!"
Mage A "W-What's this guy talking about...?"
Expressions clouded with worry spread through the crowd.
Mage B "Splendid? What are you planning on doing? It can't be anything good, damn it all..."
A few brave men throw indignant insults at him.
Nicola does not answer, however. He simply pushes Astrid's back in amusement.
Nicola "I-I won't do a thing! No, it'll be this woman you'll be enjoying----Astrid! Go on, greet the crowd!"
As a vile smile comes over Nicola's face, Astrid's mouth begins to move.
Astrid "P-People of Kimia, it is I, Astrid Flamel. I am sorry for worrying you, and today... I will show you the splendor of the Service Nation."
Her expression grows lustful against her will.
Her cheeks grow red, and her saliva-wetted lips glint bewitchingly to the crowd.
Mage C "L-Lady Astrid...?"
Astrid "I was such a fool, seeking only magical enlightenment at the expense of my femininity... but the Service Nation taught me true pleasure."
Astrid "The highest joy a woman can experience. They quenched the thirst I had been suffering from for the longest time..."
As she speaks words in violation of her will with her face spellbound, she begins to strip for the crowd, piece by piece.
Mage A "L-Lady Astrid, what are you...?"
Mage B "Don't look! We can't look!"
As screams rise from the crowd, Astrid becomes fully nude.
Astrid "Look upon me, everyone. Look at what Lord Nicola has carved into my body, this symbol of female pleasure...!"
She proudly shows off her lustbrand.
Astrid (Don't look, please! Avert your eyes! If you look at it, its enchantment will worm its way into your minds!)
What rationality she has left screams inside, but she can only watch the events unfold, powerless. A prisoner in her own body.
Mage A "What... is that?"
Though the men try to keep control of themselves, their eyes are drawn to Astrid's naked body.
And when they lay eyes on her.
The lustbrand lets out a dull flash of light, and a sweet scent begins to fill the area.
Mage B "What's this... smell?"
Mage C "I'm starting to feel... ugh, dizzy..."
The men's breathing grows labored and heavy, and the eyes on Astrid take on hungering glints.
Astrid (You have to run! Please! Oh... Oh, no, it's too late...)
The eyes that looked at her with concern and worry are now conquered by lust, and she can feel that change on her skin.
The men's crotches bulge too large not to notice, and she can see their cocks pulsing under their trousers.
Unable to resist, she finds herself swaying her hips invitingly and hating herself for it.
The men of the town answer her call and lurch closer.
Nicola "W-What do you think? N-Not a bad event, I'd say. And look, y-you even get to serve men you know! Better than strangers, right? Ahah, ahaha!"
Astrid is not allowed to even look at Nicola with hatred as he chuckles to himself.
Instead, she lewdly twists her rear toward him, offering up her behind.
Astrid "Lord Nicola, you should give them an example. Show them the proper way to use me..."
Astrid "And do enjoy the show, good sirs... mm, and make good use of this newly awakened pussy of mine. This hole is meant only to serve cock..."
She beckons to the men with words humiliating enough to make the remaining women and old folk of the town shed tears.
Astrid (I can't... believe this...!)
As she cries inside with no recourse, Nicola approaches her from behind, rod exposed and erect.
The other men imitate him, lowering their trousers and pulling out their cocks.
Astrid (No, no, please, don't...!)
Nicola "A-All right, I'll show you your example! N-No need to warm up this hole, you just... jam it in, like this!"
#04_ast008h_ast05
Sssslllp! Chlk! Shp, shp, shp!")
Astrid "Aauuhh! Nnmm! Nmm, oh, your cock is going in so deep... ahh!"
Astrid lets out a seductive moan as Nicola's cock slides into her.
She trembles at the joy of insertion, and her normally sunken nipples poke so far out of her areolas it hurts.
Her vagina gobbles Nicola's penis up with ease, and sticky fluids pour out of their connection.
The men around her are clearly perplexed by the sight, yet they cannot avert their eyes.
Astrid reaches out to two of their erections and gently grips them.
Astrid "Look at this penis. It's so cute in its little foreskin... It's throbbing with pleasure too."
Astrid "And this dick is so stiff, growing enough to push my fingers back... my, what an admirable rod."
She gently strokes them both with her palms as she appraises them.
Mage A "A-Ahh, Lady Astrid..."
The mage groans in pain as he squirms.
The other men who have been watching begin to clamor at their own erections, risen against their will.
Astrid (I can't believe this... that the men of the town would fall under this spell so easily...!)
The residents of the town are all fairly powerful mages.
The sight of them falling under Nicola's spell so easily edges her further into despair.
Nicola "Heh, h-heh, I bet you're real happy, Astrid, surrounded by cocks like this! Eheh!"
Astrid "Mmm, I-I assure you, it's nothing of the... nn, mmaah..."
Her body quakes with pleasure at Nicola's slightest thrust into her. She twists her body and lets out cries of embarrassment and denial.
Yet it is obvious to all who observe that her voice and movements are in full agreement with Nicola's words.
Mage B "L-Lady Astrid... Urgh, you mustn't moan so much. I-I'll..."
Her lustful reactions as she rubs the men's penises have them throbbing with vigor.
Their reactions are too intense to be the result of simply being held.
Indeed----they, too, are deep under the spell of Nicola's lustbrand.
Astrid (Guh... I have to do something, but I can't... nnn!)
Her desire to help her people continues to burn in her heart.
Yet, her will amounts to little. Her folds undulate hungrily, demanding that Nicola's cock inside her begin thrusting.
The scent of young virility wafting up from the young mage's penis in front of her face draws her in.
Nicola "H-Heh, h-heh, how about showing that cock a nice time w-with your mouth?"
Astrid "Ahh, mm, I-I, I couldn't... but..."
Nicola encourages her with a little thrust.
She sways her hips at the pleasure of the knocks on her cervix, then lowers her face in embarrassment again.
Yet she continues to steal glances at the penis before her as she gradually draws closer to it.
Mage A "L-Lady Astrid...!"
The man's voice trembles in hesitation and confusion, but he thrusts his hips toward Astrid regardless.
His penis quivers before Astrid's nose and begins to drip precum.
Astrid "Chllp, chpchp, shlllrrrp, mmm, this tastes so, mmm, shhlllp!"
Astrid "Ahh, mm, the taste of the smegma off this foreskin is just, mm, so good, nom, mm, chpchpchp, mmmm!"
Astrid lets out moans of joy as soon as she begins sucking on the penis with its head hidden in its foreskin.
She slides her tongue between the head and the foreskin, lubricating them apart with her saliva.
Mage A "Ahh, Lady Astrid, my member is too filthy to... urgh, ahh...!"
Astrid "Ah, mm, what's the matter? Don't want me down here? Your dick seems to like it----aww, look at how much it's twitching. Mm, shhllp, mmff, mmff..."
She looks up at him with lustful, inviting eyes as he moans in confusion. Then, she licks at his penis again, making sure to make the loudest, wettest sounds.
She then deepthroats his not-too-large cock to its very base, making it shoot up as if attempting to escape.
Astrid keeps it deep in her mouth, of course, tightening her lips and bopping her head to stimulate the shaft.
Astrid "Nnn, mmm, shllp, chhpp, chpchpchp... mm, nn, mmm, oh, so good... nnmm!"
Astrid (I can't believe this! This salty, reeking thing... I want to vomit it out right now, and yet...!)
Astrid (And yet it tastes so good! My body feels like it's about to catch fire! Urgh...)
She knows it is the lustbrand's doing, but the knowledge that she can do nothing about it frustrates her to no end.
A sweet, numbing sensation pulses from every part of her mouth in contact with the penis----her tightening lips, her rolling tongue, the depths of her throat, everywhere.
The more powerfully it rubs against the sides of her mouth, the more pleasure rocks through her, making her womb tingle.
She does not draw pleasure from her mouth alone either.
Each time she rubs the other penis in her hand, the mere sensation of its heat and stiffness is pleasurable enough to make her back shudder.
Mage B "Ahh, oh, Lady Astrid, you can't... Not so fast, ahh...!"
Astrid "Nnm, chllp, shllp, ahh... allow yourself the pleasure, both of you! Nmm, mm, oh, how I love these hot, stiff dicks... mmm!"
Astrid accelerates her head bopping and slurps as loudly as she can as if to show off to the men watching her.
She also swings her rear back and forth performatively, letting the crowd see Nicola thrust into her.
Mage C "W-Whoa... I have no idea Lady Astrid was this... voracious. Urgh..."
The men watching wriggle in place in frustration, holding back their raging erections as they watch.
Every face is red, and all breaths are heavy.
Astrid feels the men's lust with her sensitive skin, and her womb begins to tingle and tighten with arousal.
Astrid "Watch me more, boys, mmm, shllp, and let your cocks rise high and proud... shllp, chllpp, chpchp...!"
She provokes the crowd and rolls her tongue around the dick in her mouth loudly again and again so that everyone can see it.
The man groans in pleasure, feeling as though her heated tongue is tearing the skin off.
Astrid "Oh, gods, more juices are pouring out... om, nn, nmm, chllllp...! Oh, it's all so good, mmm, nnn..."
Nicola "Heh, h-heh... Astrid, y-you can't forget about me back here...!"
With a lewd smile, Nicola grabs Astrid's waist and slams his cock into her forcefully.
Shhlpp! Shhhp! Spplllrch! Shhllllp!")
Astrid "Ahh, nnnn, mmmaaah!? Oh, you're going so hard, ahh, ahhhh!"
When the cock slams into her cervix, Astrid pulls away from the rod in her mouth to let out a loud moan.
It tears into her cervix and pulls away, dragging against the walls of her vagina with its wide head.
Juices pour out of her vagina, filling the area with a sweet, lustful aroma.
Nicola "Y-You like it hard, don't you? Look at you, surrounded by cocks and being used as a tool to get them off. W-What a lustful whore you are... heh, heheh!"
Astrid "T-That's right. I love cock. I love cock so much, ahh, ahhh!"
Astrid "I love sucking smelly cocks while my slutty pussy gets used as a hole for dick! Mm, ahhh!"
Astrid "Look at me, everyone! Look at me lose myself in dicks while I leak pussy juice! Stiffen those cocks, come on... I want more! I want more dicks!"
Words of obscene desire escape Astrid's lips outside of her control with each one of Nicola's thrusts into her.
Her calls make her and the men around her slaves to desire.
Mage A "Urgh... L-Lady Astrid, that's making me... making me... agh...!"
The men Astrid has been rubbing off begin to tremble, their voices taking on a deep color of arousal.
The men watching are forced to lean over as they hold back their crotches as well.
Astrid (Ahh, they're all... they're all so into it, watching me like this...)
They are not the barbarians of the Service Nation, no----these are men she knows and knows well. Intellectual, reasonable men, all looking at her with hungering eyes.
This makes her feel both an unspeakable despair, and a strange arousal bubbling up from her core.
Nicola "Heh, h-heh, how nice! They're all so hungry, and they can't w-wait to use you!"
Nicola pounds into her even harder, trying to push her further.
Shlp, shlp, shhhhp!")
Astrid "Nnnaaahhhh! Ahhh! I'm so, so, ahh, happy to hear! Ah, I just want them to keep watching as I get plowed, ahh!"
Astrid "Oh no, oh gods, oh gods, being watched is exciting me so much I think I'm about to cum! Ah, ahh, oh, oh gods...!"
Astrid (No, that's wrong! That's not me! I don't want anyone to see me like this, but... why? Why!?)
Astrid shouts the obscenities bubbling up from her throat as she loses herself in stroking the cocks in her hands.
As she rubs the rods from the base to the tip with her sweaty palms, the heat makes them forcefully throb.
Astrid "Ahh, gods, let it out! Blast it out, all of you! Cover my face in your thick, slimy, hot jizz! Come on!"
Staring right up at the men overwhelmed with pleasure to hold back their moans, Astrid rubs their cocks faster and faster.
Her rubbing spreads the precum spilling from their heads all over their shafts, and she makes a ring around the bottom of their glans with her thumb and index finger, ceaselessly rubbing them up and down.
As she rubs the penises in front of her, she raises her ass higher to let Nicola's fierce thrusts pierce even deeper.
Astrid "Nnm, ahh, you too, Lord Nicola! Blast into my pussy and fill my womb up with your seed!"
Nicola "Eheh, haha! W-Well, if you insist----just for you!"
Shhhhhhhhhlp! Shpshp! Sklllllrrrch!")
Astrid "Nnmmm! Mmm, ahh, goohhh! Deeper, deeper, deeper! Empty your cock deep inside me!"
Astrid's body writhes with pleasure as he plunges into her cervix.
Her vaginal passage, scorchingly hot, contracts around Nicola's penis in a passionate embrace.
Nicola "Ohh, ahh, here it comes, Astrid! I-I'm gonna drown your p-pussy in my cum!"
Astrid "Ah, ahhh! S-Shoot it all into my womb! Boys, fire off on my face!"
Astrid twists around to tighten her pussy's grip on the cock inside and rubs the cocks in her hands faster.
Pllshhh! Pssshh! Plllp! Shhlllp, ppplsshhrrrr!")
Astrid "Ahhhhhhh! So much cum, inside and out... Oh god, I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"
As she lets out an immense scream with her climax, the men launch jets of semen all over her face.
Deep inside Astrid, Nicola's penis violently throbs before pouring a tide of milky white into her womb.
The sheer heat and stench of them heighten her orgasm, and her erect nipples tingle so much they hurt.
Astrid "Ah, ahhh, nnnmm! All this cum is making me orgasm. Ahh, there's so much on me and so much in me, ahhh!"
Plllshhh! Psshhh! Psshhhw! Plllp!")
Astrid "Ahhhh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming, ahhh! These blowing cocks are making me cum!"
The man she hates the most dumps his load into her womb, and men she knows well blast their seed all over her face. All she can do is shriek in pleasure.
Sweet milk shoots out of her nipples as she screams.
Astrid "Ah, hah, mmm... There's so much semen... Mm, shllp, gllp... Oh, it's so thick and tasty..."
Astrid licks at the semen dripping off her nose, slowly tasting it in her mouth before she swallows it.
Her heavy breaths take on the scent of semen, making her back shudder.
Astrid "Ahh, gods... but I-I want more... Let me swallow more semen... I want more of it in my pussy... Ahh..."
Astrid (What the hell is coming out of my mouth!? Ghhk... But, ahh, I...!)
Astrid can no longer tell if the scorching sensation in her chest is from the humiliation or expectation of coming pleasure.
Yet her body seeks semen as her words indicated, and she starts rubbing and clamping her pussy around the penises that have just ejaculated.
Astrid "Come on! Come on! Give me more of that yellowed, sticky cockjuice... Let me rub it out, just like... mm, this. You've got more in there, don't you...?"
Mage A "B-But of course, Lady Astrid!"
Mage C "Hey, hold on, she just rubbed you off!"
Mage D "I-I want to put it in her pussy!"
Astrid (What am I saying...!? Please I'm begging you! Come to your senses! I-If you don't, I'll...)
Overcome by desire, the men begin to argue over whose turn is next.
Though lamenting the sight of it, she finds herself strangely eager for the result.
She gulps. Her body is hungry to taste the penis of those she has lived with for so long. Her womb tingles, craving their seed.
Astrid (No, no, no, no! This is all Nicola's spell. It has to be!)
Grand Master "A-Astrid..."
Astrid "Hnn...!?"
A faint, yet pained and hoarse voice reaches Astrid's eyes through the chatter, much to her surprise.
Astrid's eyes immediately shoot open in surprise.
The surprise only lasts a moment before it vanishes, replaced by the lustful, inviting color she has maintained since the show had begun. She speaks to him.
Astrid "Ahh, mm, oh, Master... Could you take my pussy next? Mmm... Please I'm begging you."
Astrid sways her body seductively to accompany her honeyed words as she invites the man who hailed her.
The crowd parts, and the man shows himself.
Appearing is one all know----Astrid's master, the current Grandmaster of Kimia.
Though he had become bedridden after his collapse in the war, he appears before her, struggling to stand.
Astrid "Haha... oh, Master, I had always known, you know? How you would look at my chest and at my bottom. How you would quickly avert your eyes..."
Grand Master "A-Astrid, I... I..."
Astrid "How about it, Master? Now, you can look at my tits and ass all you want... my pussy too. Stare, feel, fuck... anything you want."
Astrid (Ahh! No! Y-You've got it all wrong, Master! I wish for no such thing!)
Astrid screams internally, shedding tears in her heart.
Yet her body continues to sway seductively, inviting her teacher to her.
She gets on her tiptoes and holds her ass up high, wiggling it from right to left.
Her pussy roils as she does, and the mixture of vaginal fluid and cum flows out of it.
Grand Master "Ah, ghhk... A-Astrid...!"
Astrid (Please, Master, please! Dispel this lustbrand! Free me from this curse!)
His eyes seem to be quivering as if he is enduring a great pain. The greatest mage in Kimia is attempting to resist Nicola's lust magic with everything he has.
Picking up on this, Astrid cheers him on inside as hard as she can.
Her body, however, does the opposite of what she desires. She wiggles her breasts seductively and opens her mouth, rolling her tongue with an arousing smile.
Astrid "Come now, Master... I can see the bulge under your robe. It's a manly erection that would put any man your age to shame..."
Grand Master "Cease this, Astrid...! Get a hold of yourself!"
Astrid "Why should I? Come, Master, can you truly say you've never wanted to taste this pussy yourself? To slide deep inside me?"
Astrid hugs her arms to her chest, squeezing and emphasizing them as she shakes her bountiful hips.
A feminine scent wafts up from her slit as it leaks juices.
Grand Master "Ah, ah, curses...! I, hah, I must... nnghh...!"
The Grandmaster attempts to draw a sign before his chest.
Nicola "Y-You know, old man, I'll let you use her. M-My treat. It'll be after me, though, heheh!"
As she feels the semen pouring out of her vagina when Nicola pulls away, she feels an overwhelming desire for another rod to bury itself in her.
She looks up at his pained face with a seductive smile and licks her lips.
Astrid "Do hurry, Master, and shove your cock into my cunt. I'll give your dick a good time to thank you for how well you've taught me..."
Astrid "So please, Master, fill me up with that grand spunk of yours and bring a flood into my pussy... mmm..."
Grand Master "Ghhk... ah, ahhh! Astriiiid!"
The Grandmaster's eyes shoot open, and his hands cease drawing the seal as he clutches his chest in pain.
Astrid (Please, Master, you can't give up! Don't lose to Nicola's spell!)
Astrid "Not interested? Mm, I think I'll have Lord Nicola take another round pumping me with his seed, then..."
Astrid "Though I really want you to fill my womb with your milky torrents, Master."
Grand Master "Ahh... ahhhhh!"
She looks up at him with yearning eyes, showering him with sulky whispers.
The Grandmaster lets out a powerful groan before taking steps toward her, reaching out with his wrinkly hand.
The men she had been rubbing off and the men watching in the gallery also approach, switching places around.
Astrid (No, no, no! Please, Master, get a hold of yourself! Remember who you are!)
Astrid's inaudible screams fall on deaf ears. The Grandmaster pulls out his erect penis and goes around behind her.
Astrid "Ahhh, mmm! Oh, gods, it's so hot...! Master, your cock is so wonderfully stiff!"
Grand Master "Ohh, gods, never have I had a pussy so... Ah! Gods, I...!"
Shoving his cock into his beloved disciple's vagina, the Grandmaster's aged body quivers in pleasure.
His penis is neither particularly large nor thick. The ravages of age have rendered it weaker than those of his younger pupils.
Astrid (Yet he's still...! No, Master, you can't...!)
Her lustbrand-controlled body takes over, and her vaginal walls devour her master's penis.
As her entrance clamps onto his rod, the white fluid poured into her moments ago slops out of it.
As Astrid's mind shrieks in despair, her body heats up at the sheer taboo of the act.
Guided by arousal, she begins to rub two other men's cocks with her hands.
Astrid "Ah, mm... oh, these are wonderful too... The stench of smegma is so strong that I have to... mmm, ahhh..."
She brings her face up to the younger penises and takes a deep whiff of their masculine scent.
A simple whiff of the unmistakable scent is all her body needs to heat up, making her pussy more sensitive as her master's cock slides into it.
Her spine quivers, and she cannot stop herself from rubbing the cocks in her hands faster.
Astrid (My body is filthy and covered in cum... I'm being raped by my master... This is awful. I should hate this, and yet...)
Astrid (Why is my heart quaking so? I don't understand... and I can't stop...!)
The heat from the sticky semen covering her body and the scorch from her master's cock melts away what little reason she has left.
Astrid gives her master behind her a lustful look with moist eyes before seductively parting her lips.
Astrid "Hurry, Master, and bring your cock all the way to my womb... or I might just cheat on you with these young cocks over here."
She turns back in front and slurps down one of the stiff dicks in her hand.
Astrid "Mmm, shlllp, chpchp, chhhhp! Nmm... oh, this is so good. This smegma... mm, is filling my mouth, mmmmph!"
Astrid puts the smegma-covered cock in her mouth with no hesitation and licks it over in a trance.
She peels back his foreskin with her tongue, revealing the hidden head as she runs her tongue under it. She sucks in her cheeks, applying pressure on and sucking on the penis.
Astrid "Mmahh, hah, hah, so good... I think I'm going to cum just from licking this cock covered in fermented dick cheese, mmm..."
Astrid vocalizes her pleasure, egging herself and the men on.
She looks up at the man as his cock quivers in her mouth and begins to bob her head back and forth.
Her sealed lips rub the shaft, bringing the head to her throat and applying friction with the sides of her mouth as she enjoys the cock with her entire oral cavity.
Astrid (No, no, it's happening again! I'm doing something so shameful and so humiliating against my will...!)
Astrid (Yet I feel so happy to do it, and it feels so good... I know it's because of the lustbrand, but still... still...!)
The heat of the penis in her mouth and the vile taste of what covers it all feel like pure pleasure to her.
No matter how much she attempts to control herself, the raw scent draws her mind in, and she covers the cock with her tongue.
Astrid "Shlllrrp, mm, mm, chpchp, shllllrrp, haah, haah, cock, I want to, mm, taste it more... nm, shlllllrp!"
Mage E "Y-You're sucking so hard it feels like you're going to take my dick clear off... W-Whoa, ohhh!"
Nicola "H-Heh, c-come now. You've got more f-fight than that. Man up!"
Nicola taunts the man folding to pleasure from behind.
His words bring out the beasts in the men.
Mage E "C-Could you suck it in deeper...? Er, no, no, suck it in deeper! L-Let me get deep in your mouth!"
Astrid "Nnn, mm, of, mm, course! Enjoy the depths of my, mm, my throat, shllp, chllllp!"
Grand Master "A-Astrid! I-I always... I always... Oohh!"
Shlp! Shp, shp, shp, shp! Shllllrrcch! Shllllup!")
Astrid "Ah, nn, mmm! Oh, Master, you're so... mmm! Your cock is so stiff in my... mmm!"
Astrid (Ahhh, I can't take this! Master is so old, yet he's pumping so hard that I... I...!)
The old man's penis has a power that is unconceivable from the withered tree-like body it is attached to. With the force of a firestorm, it ravages Astrid's inner passage.
As he finally begins thrusting in and out, Astrid's vaginal walls fill with pleasure and joyfully constrict around his cock.
The Grandmaster smacks his hips against her ass, delving into her depths as though mining away at her pussy.
Astrid "Ah, ah, ahhh, yes, ahh! Oh, Master, you're so good! You're so, so good! Right there! Yes, right there, deeper!"
Grand Master "Ah, hah, I-I know. I... ah, right here. Just a little deeper right here...!"
Astrid "Ahh, nn, mmmahh! Gods, right there, ohh... Your cock, it's pushing against my cervix, ahh, ahhh!"
Her core pounded again and again, pleasure overcomes her body so much so that she must stand on her tiptoes in her shaking.
With each thrust of her master's penis rustling her womb, waves of great pleasure ripple through her body.
Grand Master "Ohh, ohh, Astrid...! This vagina of yours is incredible, ohh...!"
Astrid "And your cock, Master! It's so stiff and hot! I wish you would have given me this pleasure sooner!"
Grand Master "Indeed, I'll... ohh, have to make up for lost time!"
Astrid "Ahh, ahh, oh, please do! Ohh, train my pussy with your wisdom!"
Nicola "Ahahaha! W-What a beautiful student-teacher relationship you have! And you've got some real impressive thrusts, Grandmaster!"
Nicola points at the Grandmaster under his lust spell and shouts in pride.
Then, the men being pleasured by Astrid's mouth and hands begin to thrust themselves, pushing their cocks on her.
She is used as a mere tool to please the men of the town as well as her master, who has left his reason far behind as he caves to his desire.
The shameful act confers a blinding pleasure onto Astrid.
Astrid "Ahh, mm, mmmph! Get your, mm, cock deeper in my throat! Chllp, chpchp, shlllp!"
Mage E "Yeah, that's right. Suck harder! Oh, damn, I'm going to blast my load in your mouth! Ghhhk!"
Mage D "I'm going to sully that beautiful face of yours with my seed... going to get it all over you!"
The men violating her hands and mouth begin to thrust their hips faster, seeking more friction.
The taste and sensation of the precum spilling out of the head of his cock utterly entrances Astrid's mind.
Grand Master "Oh, gods, your pussy's so tight! I had no idea you were such a slut... As your master, Astrid, I'm frankly... nn, embarrassed!"
Astrid "Nnmm, ahh, I'm so sorry, Masterrr! I'm a slutty mage! So please, please, mmm...!"
Astrid "Set my hole down the right path with your cock, Master! I beg of you! Ooommmn, chphp, shlllp!"
Astrid no longer has the strength to resist, speaking lewd words.
In fact, her words start to mesh with how she truly feels.
As her vagina squeezes and rubs against her master's penis, she feels it begin to throb.
Her heart begins to sing with anticipation.
Astrid (Oh, gods, Master's going to cum! He's going to fill his disciple's pussy up with his cockjuice! Gods, once those tides come, I-I...!)
Unable to reject it even inside, she shakes her ass of her own will, squeezing the Grandmaster's penis even tighter with her pussy.
Grand Master "Ghhk... Are you ready to cum, Astrid!? You're ready to cum once I fill your womb with my seed, aren't you!?"
Astrid "Nn, aghh, ohhhh! I want it! I want it! I want to cum with your cock, Master, and with your cum! Ahhh!"
Astrid "I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum! Cover me in your filthy semen and send me over the moon! Ahh, ahh, mm, ahhh!"
Astrid begs for release as her master plows into her from behind.
What reason she has left is overwritten by pleasure, and she is no longer able to feel humiliation.
She moves her hands, mouth, and ass in a trance, focusing only on pleasing the men around her.
The lewd sight of Astrid is too much for the men to hold back in the face of, and their lusts reach their limit.
Grand Master "Haa, haa, there we go... Oh, I'm going to fill you right up... Take it all in your womb, Astrid! Oh, ohhhh!"
Astrid "Nnmm, mm! Come on! Give me that cock! Oh, gods, they're all throbbing! The cum will be here soon, ah, ah, ahhh!"
Astrid "Mmmchh, chllp, shlp, mm, nnnm, chllpp, chpchp, mmm! I want your, mm, your cum, and your cum, and mmm...!"
The three penises begin to balloon up at their bases.
When they do, Astrid closes her eyes and waits.
Plllshhh! Pllasssh! Shlllp! Pshpshsph, pssssh!")
Astrid "Gggooohhhh, nn, shlllp! Nnmm, mmmm! So much cum, mmm, gllg, gllg, gllk...!"
The three men climax at the same time, and Astrid shrieks in pleasure as she is submerged in semen.
The man violating her mouth thrusts his hips in deeper, continuing to ejaculate with the head of his cock deep in her throat.
Astrid "Ggghhhkkk!? Chhk, chhk, nnmmm! Fff, mmm... nn, gllg, gllk... nnnmm!"
Astrid desperately tries to swallow down the cum directly sent into her throat with the excess spilling out of her nose.
The sensation of the thick, sticky semen rubbing down her throat membrane makes her orgasm even greater.
Her face is covered in a shower of semen from the two penises in her hands, firing with the longevity of urination.
Deep within her vagina, a stream of semen large enough to flow into her womb continues to jet out of the still-throbbing penis inside.
Astrid "Nnnmmm, mmm, nnnn...! Ahhh, the cum feels so tasty down my throat...!"
Astrid "Ah, ahhh! My pussy, oh, my pussy's drinking down Master's jizz too...!"
Astrid "I'm cumming! Oh, gods, this jizz is making me cum, ahhhh!"
As her master's semen pours into her womb, she orgasms with explosive lactation once again.
Astrid "Ahh, gods, it's so... sticky... It smells, and it tastes so thick..."
She scoops up some of the semen on her face with a finger and brings it to her mouth, sucking on it. A spellbound smile comes over her face after she enjoys the taste.
The heat of the semen stuck to her face and hands, and the sticky sensation filling her womb allows her to enjoy the sweet aftershocks of her orgasm.
Breathing heavily after their ejaculations, the men look at Astrid with further lust.
Astrid (I know it's wrong, but... it just feels so good... It's just so good to be filled with Master's semen...)
Astrid (If it feels this good... mm, there's no reason to resist...)
Astrid finds herself captive to the masculine stench covering her.
Her master covers her with himself and makes an announcement through labored breaths.
Grand Master "Haah, haah... You're every bit as talented as I expected... Indeed, now I can retire and leave the position of Grandmaster to you with... hah, ease..."
Astrid "Ahah, oh, Master, I'm so happy... but... ah, oh, but..."
Astrid "Please keep training my pussy, even after you retire... It would just be too cruel for this to be the first and last time... After all, your cock isn't ready to retire."
Grand Master "Heh, alas, I will take up this mantle, then..."
Astrid "Haha, mm... oh, thank you... I feel so fortunate to receive your teaching."
Her master's penis still quivers in her vagina.
The throbbing makes her sperm-filled womb begin to tingle again.
She feels as though she hears a voice pleading with her to reclaim herself, coming from far away.
Yet it is too quiet to be worth listening to.
A few things around her draw Astrid's attention more.
She turns to the crowd, her eyes filled with desire, and she stares at the line of men waiting for their turn.
Astrid "There's so many of you still waiting... Well, then, who's next? It must be my lucky day, having all the dicks of the town all to myself... Haha, ahaha..."
Her alluring smile blows away what little restraint the men have left.
Mage F "Out of the way, I'm next!"
Mage G "That pussy is mine! Look at it, dripping cum and inviting me in..."
Mentor A "Away, younglings! Astrid is a member of the council of elders, and as such, we have the natural right to appraise her first!"
Mentor B "That's right! Back, all of you!"
The men, all with different positions, histories, talents, and specialties, argue over the order in which they may violate Astrid.
Every man, young and old alike, stand with their penises exposed and erect with Astrid's body the only thing in their minds.
Astrid "Ahaha, no need to worry, dears. I'll give all of you time..."
Astrid "...so thrust into me as much as you can. Oh, fill me with even more of your cum... Ahaha..."
After her seductive smile and giggle, the men of the town descend upon her like a pack of starving wolves.
Ultimately, Astrid spends the day in coitus with every last man in the town. They're all familiar faces, and she drowns in their seed.
............
......
...
#04_ast009
A few days had passed since Astrid has left her obscene imprint on her hometown of Kimia.
Astrid "What do I do...?"
She sits on her bed, unable to raise her face as she murmurs powerlessly.
Astrid "That was... It had to be a dream... Just a bad dream..."
So she has told herself time and time again in the past few days, but she cannot deny the reality.
The men she had known well and worked with for years, studying and researching the wonders of magic, have raped her.
No, that isn't quite right. She seduced them. She invited them herself as she dragged them into a world of lust and debauchery.
Astrid "The lustbrand may have an iron grip over me, yet I... I still...!"
She was to be the one who guided the town, yet she helped destroy it.
And worst of all, she took pleasure in it.
Astrid "No... no, no, no, I did not feel a lick of pleasure! I was simply manipulated by the lustbrand! How could I take pleasure in such... such..."
Astrid (Is that... true? They all violated me, and then...)
The faces and voices of the men mercilessly piercing through her and slamming her with every inch of desire in their loins come to mind.
The mere thought of them has her lower regions tingling, and she feels a sweet heat she cannot stop.
Astrid "I... cannot keep on like this. I have to escape, I really have to escape, or I'll... I'll lose myself..."
Never before has Astrid felt horror this deep.
She knows the lustbrand's power is taking over more and more of her mind, yet she cannot stop it.
Astrid "I have to escape... I have to escape right now...!"
Then, she raises her face, seeming to notice something in her words.
Yet before she can take her first step, she stops and lowers her gaze.
Astrid "Heh... and just how am I supposed to escape, anyway?"
The last time she used the best magic she could muster----a weak spell, no less----her attempt ended quickly in failure.
The cost of angering Nicola in her attempt came steep too. It led directly to that show of humiliation back in Kimia.
Astrid (If I fail again, what will happen to me next?)
Her nervous gulp echoes throughout the room with unusual volume.
She was raped by men she knew well and sought them out herself despite herself.
The experience left her feeling like she has lost her mind, and she knows that an even more unendurable humiliation will await her.
Astrid "I can't even imagine what would come after. What in the world would he... mmm..."
After murmuring that, she quickly comes back to her senses and puts her hands to her cheeks.
They feel hot and sensitive. She feels like she has gone lax for a moment.
Astrid "N-No, that cannot be... It simply..."
Astrid "I seek no humiliation. I... I do not..."
She vigorously shakes her head in reassurance, and as she does...
Nicola "H-Heh, h-hello, there. Having some trouble?"
The door opens and Nicola steps through, seeming in better spirits than usual.
Astrid "W-When did you...?"
Until now, she had been able to predict this dreadful man's invasions of her room from the sound of his footsteps.
His sudden appearance is proof that she has lost so much of herself she can no longer do even that.
Nicola "W-What's the matter? Haha, oh, I get it, you just couldn't wait for me, could you?"
Astrid "D-Don't be ridiculous. Who in their right mind would ever want to see you?"
Nicola "Eheh, eheh, don't play dumb! I can see it on your face! You're beside yourself with excitement to see what manner of trial awaits you next!"
Nicola "I-I'm so proud, Astrid! I'm so proud that you've f-fallen that far and that I've brought you there! Heheh!"
Astrid "You're speaking pure nonsense!"
Astrid glares at Nicola as he chortles, but she finds herself unable to insult him as she used to.
Astrid (Why? Why won't this tingling just stop...?)
When she lays eyes on Nicola, she feels a heat in her loins and cannot stop herself from growing aroused.
The worry strikes her that she will begin to leak hot fluid if she does not look away.
By the time she becomes aware of her worry, however, she notices that she has been yearningly rubbing her thighs together.
Nicola "Hah, haha, look at you, fidgeting in anticipation... Y-You've become real cute, Astrid. A real woman."
Astrid "S-Silence, you! Leave if you have no business with me. I don't want to see your face!"
Nicola "R-Right you are. You'd much prefer an old friend's cock tearing into you than mine, heh, heh heh!"
Astrid "W-What in the world is that supposed to mean?!"
Nicola's words pierce her chest.
The emotional scorch is attended by a string of vaginal fluid rolling down her thigh.
Astrid (No, don't tell me... Don't tell me he's brought someone I know...!)
The mere thought swells her breast with worry and excitement.
She gulps, nervously and loudly.
Nicola "R-Rejoice, Astrid. I've brought some folks I'm sure you've been wanting to see for a long, long time!"
With that call, her guests arrive.
Izabella "Excuse me... Oh! Lady Astrid!"
Bibi "Wow! It's been so long!"
Amy "Um, have you been... doing well?"
Astrid "Y-You!"
Three cute maidens enter the room----Astrid's beloved pupils. Their faces glow at the long-awaited reunion.
Astrid "So you're safe? Oh, thank goodness..."
Just before she can feel true relief at their apparent safety, she feels something off.
Bibi "Phew! We really did get to see you! Doing as he said was really worth it!"
Izabella "Yeah. It was, er... worth getting these put on us. Right, Amy?"
Amy "Y-Yeah."
An alluring lust colors her pupils' eyes as they look at her.
The same look that men give as they violate her.
Yet what stands out the most about them is their crotches. There is something that she does not remember being their penises.
Astrid "Wh----? What did you do to my girls...?"
Nicola "Heh, heh, me? I simply gave them what they needed for their wish to come true, that's all!"
Nicola chortles, enjoying himself, then gives the girls a look. They step forward as if they have been anticipating this.
Izabella "I heard that we would get to fuck you today, Lady Astrid, so my dick's been stiff since morning!"
Bibi "Why yesterday I came the second I heard about it! Eheheh, and I haven't masturbated since then, so I've got a lot of cum saved up!"
Amy "I've been... r-really looking forward to this too, so I... mm..."
The throbbing penises attached to their crotches are clearly real.
They stand so erect that the veins on the skin are visible, and the smell they exude is unmistakable.
Astrid (This... is a nightmare... How could he put those things onto them...?)
In a vacant, stunned daze, Astrid finds her eyes captive to Amy, the quietest of the three.
Though the tip of her penis is covered in foreskin, it stands particularly large.
Astrid (If she puts something that thick into me, I'll... I-I'll... ahh...!)
Her beloved pupils had been transformed into something horrifying.
Her reason demands she laments the reality.
And yet all that can come to mind is the obscene prediction, the anticipation of how good it would feel to have a cock that thick slide into her.
Amy "U-Um, Lady Astrid... my penis with its foreskin, it's... s-strange, isn't it?"
Astrid "Wh----? N-No, of course not, that's not why I was looking!"
Bibi "Eheh, Lady Astrid, look at my dick too! It's just as stiff as Amy's, and I cum the most!"
Izabella "Well, my dick is the longest. I can get all the way to your womb with this, Lady Astrid."
The eyes of their admired Astrid seem to have lit a fire to their passions, and the three begin to step towards her, rubbing their penises all the way.
Astrid "No, s-stay away. We cannot..."
She tries to whisper to stop her disciples, but her body quivers too much for her to run.
Her sweet numbness has moved from her loins to her legs, and she finds herself breathing heavily.
Nicola "Heh, heheh! I knew you'd get more excited with people you know. Well, enjoy yourself!"
Astrid "Nicola, no, please... bring them back to their senses. I beg of you... ah..."
While using her words to refuse, Astrid's eyes are squarely on the three erect rods before her, utterly entranced.
#04_ast010h_ast06
Shlllllp! Shhhhhp!")
Astrid "Nnn, urgh, ghhk! S-Stop this, now! P-Pull those hips a----ohhh, ahhh!?"
Bibi "Ahaha, wow! Your ass is so tight, Lady Astrid, and it feels like it's going to burn my dick off! It's so good!"
Izabella "Mm, this pussy is very tight too. Especially since her butt is full of Bibi's thick cock... Mmm, Lady Astrid, you've tightened up a bit too much... ahaha..."
Her disciples are piercing into her twin holes with the fiendishly large cocks sprouting from their crotches.
The searing pain of having her anus forced open mixes with the pleasure of having her pussy deeply plowed, leaving Astrid in a state of confusion.
The cocks in both tight holes push each other back and forth as well, giving her the sublime sensation of having her vaginal walls ground from either side.
Astrid "Nnnm, ah, ahhh! Ghhk, p-please I told you to... mm, to pull out...!"
A captive to pain and pleasure and feeling as though her hips are going to fall off from the sheer pressure, she desperately pleads with her pupils.
Yet her pupils simply smile as they taste her holes.
Izabella "Your pussy's so hot... Ohh, it feels like my dick is going to boil and melt off..."
Izabella "Your passage is moving so hungrily, desperately trying to pull out my sperm... Lady Astrid, you've got such a greedy cunt...!"
Bibi "Your butt's entrance is really tight! It's clamping so hard on my dick. It feels like it's going to get torn off!"
Bibi "But it's so nice and soft inside like it's massaging my cock. It feels so good! Lady Astrid, it's like your butt's acting just like a pussy!"
Astrid "Ghhk, d-do you hear what's coming out of your mouth? Grrk, e-enough commentary and pull... gllk, pull out already...!"
The beloved pupils she trusted in are lustily appraising her holes.
The nightmarish state of affairs overwhelms her with both unspeakable shame and unspeakable arousal.
Astrid grits her teeth in resistance, desperately trying to prevent any moans from leaking out.
Her heated breaths, however, she can do nothing about.
Amy "Mmm, L-Lady Astrid, don't blow on it so hard, it... i-it feels so good it might make my dick squirt..."
Amy speaks guiltily as she holds her head down and gropes Astrid's enormous breasts.
Though her movements are cautious and reserved, she still rotates them vigorously in her hands, sending waves of sweet pleasure down into the core of Astrid's chest.
Astrid "Ghhk, nnn! N-Not there! A-Away from my chest, Amy... ah, ahh!"
Amy "B-But I want to put my dick in your pussy too, but I lost the straws and ended up last... S-So..."
Amy "Don't worry, I'll make your breasts feel good while we wait, so... you don't need to hold back."
Though Amy speaks in the reserved tone Astrid knew well, she vigorously gropes at her breasts, moving them in every which direction.
Her movements are awkward, however, whether from simply being unaccustomed to breast foreplay or from being nervous about doing it to her teacher.
Her enormous rod swishes invitingly. As she gropes her, the masculine scent wafting from the foreskin-covered head of her dick is strong enough to choke her.
Astrid "S-Stop this... mm, d-don't push that in my face... nnn! Oh, this scent, I cannot..."
To think that a rod letting off such a forceful stench grew from her cute pupil's crotch.
The impulse to lean forward and lick at it bubbles up, and Astrid desperately pushes it back.
Amy "U-Um, Lady Astrid, does... my erect penis not please you? I-I suppose the foreskin is a little... too smelly, is it?"
Amy lowers her gaze nervously, and the girls plowing at Astrid's holes hail her.
Izabella "You don't need to worry about a thing, Amy!"
Bibi "Yeah! I mean her asshole is tightening up in sync with your dick swinging!"
Izabella "Her pussy too. The walls inside are throbbing and really tightening up around my dick."
Izabella "The smell of your penis is arousing her like crazy. Isn't that right, Lady Astrid?"
Astrid "Ghhhahh! Ah, ahn, mm!"
Izabella asks as she thrusts deeper into Astrid's womb.
Her massive cock widens her pussy further, distorting the womb within. Astrid stretches her legs out from the pain of having her lower abdomen torn into, standing on her tiptoes.
Yet she cannot deny the immense, heated pleasure bubbling up inside her.
Amy "Nn, ahh... I'm so happy you think highly of my dick, Lady Astrid... Mm, it was really worth it to put the effort in to make it so big..."
As Amy rotates Astrid's breasts around, her penis throbs along with her spellbound whispers.
Precum flows from her tip, making the scent even stronger.
Astrid almost gulps in awe but quickly shakes her head to keep herself in place.
Astrid "E-Enough... Enough all of you...!"
She shoots harsh looks at them after yanking herself out of her pleasure trance.
The pupils share glances at her reaction.
Bibi "Why are you angry, Lady Astrid?"
Astrid "How could I... nn, not be!? Just look at... nngh, what you're doing to me!"
Astrid "Izabella, why are you...? Nn, mm...!"
When her name is called, Izabella makes her penis leap in Astrid's pussy.
She looks up at Izabella's face to see her biting her lip regretfully with her eyes cast down.
Astrid is about to let out a sigh of relief that her words got through to her when...
Izabella "Forgive me, Lady Astrid, I was simply too absorbed in your pussy..."
Bibi "Yeah, we weren't making it too good for Lady Astrid. Sorry! And don't worry... We'll do our best!"
Izabella "Yeah! Bibi, Amy, let's do our best!"
Amy "I-I will..."
Astrid "Wh----? What are you talking about, you thr----"
Shllllp! Chllllp! Shlp shlp, shllllp!")
Astrid "Ggggghhhk!? Nn, ahh, nn... t-two at once, I... ah, ahhh! Nnmm, aahhhh!"
The dicks filling her ass and vagina start to move rapidly with the same rhythm.
They pull out as close to their respective entrances as they can before jamming back in as deep as they can go.
Having her womb slammed from both sides shoots a fiendish pleasure through her body, and she cannot help but let out a pressured moan.
Bibi "There we go! Lady Astrid sounds like she's really getting into it now!"
Izabella "Indeed, and she's getting so tight inside... Nnmm, it feels like she's going to crush my cock. It feels wonderful, Lady Astrid... This tight pussy of yours is amazing!"
Astrid "Ah, ahh, eeek, w-wait! Don't move! Don't... ahhh!"
The cocks plunge into her depths, giving her no time to speak.
Her spine quakes with every thrust, shaking the breasts in Amy's grip.
Amy "Lady Astrid, your breasts just get hotter and hotter... It looks like the two in the back are giving you a good time."
Astrid "N-No, they are giving me... mm, nothing of the----ahh, s-stop this right... now!"
Astrid (Ahh, I... I know I can't let myself get swept up in pleasure if I want to bring them... mm, to their senses, but...)
Though she scolds herself and tries to win her focus back, her hips move of their own accord, coaxing out more furious thrusts.
Bibi "Ah, I'm so glad you like this, Lady Astrid! I'm getting really excited!"
Amy "You look so beautiful in the throes of pleasure... Just looking at your face makes my heart race..."
Izabella "Let's keep it up, girls. Our teamwork is going to make Lady Astrid melt in pleasure."
Shlp, shlup, shhlllp! Chhp, shlp, shllllp!")
Astrid "Nnnn, mmmmm! Y-You're going so f----ahhhhhhhh! Ah, mmm, ahhh!"
The cocks filling both of her holes move in and out with greater speed to push Astrid to the brink.
The inflated penises rub against her passages, and the wall separating both holes gets so hot it feels like it will melt away.
Astrid "N-No, I keep telling you to st----ah, nnn, mmm! Why is this so... ahh, nnnmm!"
Her vaginal walls are rubbed against through both her vagina and anus, and the pleasure from her womb being pushed up is maddening.
Nicola has not carved a new lustbrand into her today.
Yet she still moans in a pathetic, lewd voice as she is plowed, and she cannot believe herself.
Bibi "I had no idea you could sound so lusty, Lady Astrid! Mm, and your asshole's so tight my dick feels great!"
Izabella "Ah, gods, your pussy walls are massaging and wrapping around my cock... It feels like I'll cum if I let loose for a second."
Their faces melt into lust as they enjoy her holes, and they pump even faster as if in a trance.
The juices leaking out of her hole mix with heated precum to fill the room with an alluring scent.
Astrid "Ah, nnmm, you have to... mm, stop this now...! You cannot go any, mmm, further...!"
Bibi "Oh? Why not? This is good for you too, right?"
Izabella "Are we not doing enough? I can go faster. I will go faster! Bibi, you too!"
Astrid "T-That's not what I mean! I'm begging you! Please listen to me!"
Shhllllp! Shp, shllloop, shhhllp!")
Astrid "Ghhhk, mm, ahhhhhh! Y-You're going to crush my womb... ahh, gah, ahhh!"
Astrid uses the last of her energy to vocalize her thoughts, but it has the opposite effect of what she wanted.
The cocks mercilessly pump into her vagina and anus, meticulously kneading her womb.
Pleasure assails her without giving her time to breathe, and she cannot hold back her body's convulsions.
Astrid (Ahh, I can't take any more...! Their thrusts are just too good, ahhh...! If they keep this up, I-I...!)
While shocked at the drastic change in her pupils, she feels an unspeakable arousal rise within.
They have reallocated all of the passion they have for studying magic into the pursuit of pleasure.
If she did the same, how much pleasure would await her?")
Astrid (Wait, where is my mind going!? No, I can't let myself be swayed like this, not anymore...!)
Astrid comes to her senses and looks forward, only to lock eyes with Amy, whose hands are still firmly gripping her breasts.
Amy "Lady Astrid, your breasts are so big... They're so soft that it feels as though my fingers will sink into them... Oh, just holding them like this makes my dick throb so much..."
Amy "And your nipples, they're... hiding inside. Is it because your breasts are too big? Ahaha, that's so cute..."
Astrid "Ghhk, ahhhhhhh! Nn, mm, n-not there, ahhh...!"
With a smile, Amy digs her fingers into the peaks of Astrid's breasts and attempts to scoop her nipples out of their hiding place.
When that happens, Astrid throws herself back in maddening pleasure.
Her cunt and anus suddenly tighten as well, letting all the lewd juices that had been building up inside flow out.
Bibi "W-Whoa, your butt's gotten so tight all of a sudden... Ohh, and I can feel your womb coming down too!"
Izabella "Lady Astrid is in the throes of such pleasure... Mm, I wonder if she's most sensitive in her nipples?"
Amy "Looks like it. They were hiding in her boobs, and she shook so much when I just touched them. It makes me really want to... tease them a lot."
Pleased with Astrid's reaction, Amy mercilessly assails her nipples with her fingers, poking them hard and scratching at them with her nails.
Astrid "Ahh, gods, n-not there, I... ahh, mmmmmm! My nipples are... ahhhh!"
Her pleas for Amy to stop keep getting interrupted by the fierce pleasure reverberating from her nipples.
Unable to stay still, she wriggles her back and hips about, yearning for and stimulating the rods slamming in and out of her holes.
Amy "Ohh, your nipples are getting bigger... eheheh, looks like I'm doing pretty well."
Izabella "Keep it up, Amy! Bibi, let's keep thrusting and make Lady Astrid cum!"
Bibi "Yeah, her butt is getting really hot, so I think she's about at her limit. I'll do my best!"
Shlllup, shhhp, zzlllpp, ggghhk, shhlllp!")
With that announcement, the two pump even harder, their rods burning with the passion to push Astrid into orgasm.
Her womb is thrust into with powerful, rapid strikes, and the sheer heat from the friction in her passages nearly evaporates any liquid within.
Astrid "Gods, no, it feels so... Ahh, I'm going to... I'm going to cum... I----ahhh!"
The powerful pleasure pulsing from under her feels like it will wipe her consciousness away.
Her nipples sear, tingling with heat, as Amy's fingers assail them, and she feels something building up that she simply cannot stop.
Amy "Her nipples are convulsing... girls, I think she's almost ready!"
Izabella "Yeah, she's really tight inside... she has to be so close to gracing us with her orgasm, I can feel it!"
Bibi "Go ahead, Lady Astrid! Twist your face in orgasmic pleasure as our cocks go at you! Come on! Come on!"
Astrid "Ghhhk, I don't wanna cum. Ahh, not my nipples. I'm, oh gods. I'm cumming. I'm cumming. I'm----aaahhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Pssshhh! Plllsshhhh!")
Astrid "Ghhk, aaahhhhhhnn! Gods, my milk is going to... ahhhh!"
Unable to stay in their hiding place, her erect, enlarged nipples fire off streams of milk.
Covered in the sweet, milky scent that wets her own skin, Astrid reaches an orgasm that makes her body feel like it's melting.
Amy "Wow... look at all that milk!"
Izabella "Lady Astrid is lactating without even being pregnant... What a lewd body! Ahh, and she's so tight inside... Gods, she's fantastic!"
Bibi "Mm, and her ass is really tight too... It's like it's asking my dick to let out its milk too."
Izabella and Bibi's voices break from the sheer pleasure of her tightening holes and the blast of her lactation, their faces warping in joy.
Astrid "No, don't look at me, mmm, ahhhh... It's still... My milk is still coming out... It won't... Mmm, it won't stop...!"
She lactates explosively and orgasms shamefully in front of her disciples again. Her back trembles from the eroticism of her shame, and she continues to emit frenzied moans.
Astrid "Ahh, haah, haah... mm... ahhh..."
Izabella "Phew. I'm glad we could bring Lady Astrid to orgasm."
Amy "Her nipples are poking out. They're so cute... Haha, I'm glad I noticed how sensitive they are."
Bibi "I was worried we would cum first, but I'm glad that wasn't the case. Your butt feels so good that I was really on the brink!"
The three girls smile in satisfaction. Their eyes are on Astrid breathing heavily in the aftershocks of the orgasm.
They seem to be pleased from the bottom of their hearts that they have pleasured their master.
Astrid "That's... T-That's quite enough, all of you... mm, urgh..."
Though unable to catch her breath yet, Astrid still scolds them with a shaky voice and a harsh look.
Being pushed to orgasm by her pupils has shattered her pride as their teacher.
More than anything, however, she cannot forgive herself for taking such bliss in it.
Astrid (I cannot let this continue... If it does, I will truly...!)
She has the unsettling feeling that she will lose herself in pleasure and irreversibly so.
The feeling that she will drown in the pleasure all women in Service Nation are demanded to even without Nicola's lustbrand forcing her, that she will fall so far she cannot return.
The sight of her disciples, completely changed and now thrall to pleasure, makes that worry more real.
Astrid (Ahh, no, what am I even thinking? I am their teacher! I have to bring them back to their senses...)
She seals away her desire to sink into pleasure and to give way to the comfort of degeneracy, looking at her pupils again.
When she does, the three nod to each other as if they've made up their minds.
Bibi "We know, Lady Astrid! You don't want to cum all by yourself!"
Amy "Y-Yeah... it is best to cum together, right? Filling her pussy, butt, and mouth with spunk... t-that would be best!"
Izabella "Well, don't you worry, Lady Astrid. The stream of semen from the three of us will bring you to orgasmic bliss!"
As they make their declaration, the determination to make Astrid orgasm with their cum is clear on their faces, their eyes wavering with lust and passion.
Astrid gulps in fear and anticipation.
Astrid "W-Wait, no, I... t-that is not what I meant... I...!"
Astrid "I... I simply wish for you to wake up and come to your senses. You mustn't let yourself be sullied by the vile ways of this nation!"
Izabella "Lady Astrid, you don't need to hide it. What you really want is more pleasure, isn't it?"
Bibi "You know, Lady Astrid, we said the same things you did before we came around, so we get it."
Amy "D-Don't worry, Lady Astrid. Your face is telling us you want to feel more, that you want more pleasure..."
Astrid "W-What...? No, I... I..."
Her eyes waver as her pupils stare into her very core. Unable to strongly deny their words, she lowers her gaze.
Shlllp! Shhp! Shp, shp, shlllrrrrp!")
Astrid "Gghhoooohhh!? G-Girls, not all at once, I... ahhh!"
Izabella and Bibi begin to work her holes again with powerful, passionate thrusts.
Her walls are still pulsing after her orgasm, and the cocks tear against them with greater thickness and heat.
And of course, Amy keeps working her nipples.
Astrid "Mmm, ahh, nnn! Agghh, my nipples, they... Mmm, ahhh, I can't...!"
Having her nipples tweaked as her sensitive passages are being rolled into shoots waves of pleasure through her strong enough to make her see white.
She can hardly speak words anymore and is only able to moan at the mercy of the storm of pleasure.
Izabella "Ahaha, how's it feel? I can feel your cervix wide open and gobbling down the head of my cock, Lady Astrid... Here, have some more!"
Astrid "Ghhhhhk! Nnn, ahhh! Ahhh, so deep in... ahhh!"
Izabella works her hips to grind at the hole in Astrid's vagina's dead end, forcing her rock-hard cock into her.
The pain of having her core pried open makes her holes even more sensitive.
Bibi "Aha, your butt's gotten even tighter! I'll pump into your womb from here too, Lady Astrid!"
Astrid "Gwwweeee! Eek, ahh, nnn! Gghhk, urrr, ahhh!"
Bibi mixes up her short thrusts with a variety of different angles, drumming on Astrid's womb through her intestines.
Every strike saturates her womb with pleasure, raising a guttural howl out of Astrid.
As the three continue to make her moan, Izabella gives Amy an order.
Izabella "Don't just play with her boobs, Amy. You've got to violate Lady Astrid too!"
Amy "Huh? B-But..."
Bibi "Haha, come on, no need to hold back! Lady Astrid's saying she wants to suck that foreskinned dick of yours and fast!"
Amy "Oh...! S-Sure!"
Amy's eyes go wide and she nods vigorously.
She places her hand on Astrid's head and makes her face Amy's crotch.
Astrid "Ghhk... nn, ahh, no, A-Amy, you can't! Amyyyy!"
Astrid (Oh, no, I'm thinking about how tasty it looks! Amy's smegma-covered dick smells so good, and if I lick it, I'll...)
The thought alone makes her quiver with pleasure.
Before she knows it, Astrid is bringing her face closer to the penis.
Astrid "Nnmm, shhlllp, chlllp, chp... mm, mmm!"
Amy "Ahhh, mmm, ahh, L-Lady Astrid!"
With her dick suddenly swallowed, Amy pulls her hips back from the volcanic pleasure.
Astrid extends her neck and follows, filling her mouth with her penis and sucking it up.
It proves as smegma-covered as expected, and the tip has a piercingly dense reek and flavor to it.
Astrid (Oh, gods, gods, gods! It reeks so much and makes me want to vomit, but why is it so... so tasty!?)
Astrid "Chhlllp, aaahh, I can't... mmm, sshlllp!"
Astrid sucks in her lips to apply more pressure to the cock while she rolls back the foreskin with her tongue.
With the head of her cock directly licked, Amy's dick vigorously shakes.
Astrid sucks up her precum without a hint of hesitation and swallows it all down.
Amy "Ah, mm, ahh! It feels so good like my head's going to melt... Ahh, I can't... mmaah!"
Izabella "Hang in there, Amy! We have to make Lady Astrid come as much as she needs to be satisfied!"
Bibi "Yeah, we can do it if we work together! Let's do our best! On three. One, two...!"
Amy "Oh, r-right. Sorry, I'll do my best...!"
With Izabella and Bibi's encouragement and the coming call of three, she bites down to endure the pleasure and pulls her hips back like the other two have.
Then...
Shlllp! Chlllp! Shp, shppppp!")
Astrid "Nn, ah, wahhh! Ooggghh, nnm, chllp, ohhh, nnmmm!"
The two in her holes increase their speed, rapidly smacking against her core.
While that happens, the penis in her mouth, massive despite the foreskin, begins to pump wildly inside.
The pleasures of being skewered from three directions slam together in the core of her body and explode.
Izabella "How is it, Lady Astrid? Having your pussy thrust so deep into must feel great, right?"
Bibi "And you feel it in your butt too, right? Your ass is licking my dick so lovingly!"
Amy "A-And your mouth, it's... it's like a pussy too. It's getting nice and tight... mmm!"
The three commentate as they violate their respective holes.
Astrid no longer has the mental strength to deny their statements nor the physical strength to resist.
Astrid "Nnn, ahh, it... it feels... Gods, the cocks feel so good... So good! Nn, mmm, chhlllppp, chp, shlllrrrp!"
Astrid shouts in honesty, leaving the last of her mental barriers behind to sloppily suck on the rod in her mouth.
Astrid "My mouth, my pussy, and my ass, they all feel so good... Your cocks, they feel so good! Ahh, ahh, nnmmm, shlllrp!"
The moment she vocalizes how she feels, her pleasure shoots up in intensity.
Astrid shakes her rear as her desire leads her, rubbing her holes against the cocks plowing into them.
She passionately wraps her tongue around the tip of the rod in her mouth and leans forward to bring it deeper into her throat.
Astrid "So good... I love this... Mm, this foreskin, shlllp, ahh, mmmph!"
Astrid desperately wraps her tongue around the cock as she lets out breaths that reek of dick, intoxicating herself in its erotic flavor.
Her anus heats up as well, beginning to devour the penis within.
Bibi "Ahh, L-Lady Astrid, it feels like your anus is going to tear my dick off...! Ohh, it feels so good! This ass is amazing!"
Izabella "Me too... Her pussy walls are writhing separately, wrapping around me... Oh, gods, Lady Astrid, I-I'm... I'm going to...!"
Izabella and Bibi approach orgasm, thrusting bigger and stronger.
Amy "Please suck me deeper, Lady Astrid... Ohh, my cock is going to melt... M-Melt and fill your mouth with sticky semen...!"
Amy starts to desperately pump her hips as well as she jams her dick down Astrid's throat.
Astrid "Gghhk, ahh, mm, gods, I... Ohh, I'm going to, mmm, ahhh!"
Her entire body is used as nothing but a tool to pleasure the rods going into her.
And at the moment, there is nothing that pleases or arouses her more.
Astrid (Ahhh, cocks, cocks, cocks! Cocks are all I can think about... ahh, ahhh...!)
Her pussy, asshole, and mouth are all awash in the pleasure of having dicks thrust deep into them, and she finds herself ascending to a higher joy.
Bibi "Ghh, your ass is tightening up so much... L-Lady Astrid, I can't hold on any longer! I'm going to cum in your ass!"
Amy "I-I'm at my limit too. Please drink it all, Lady Astrid! D-Drink all my cummm!"
Izabella "Let's all cum together! Let's blast our dicks at the same time as Lady Astrid does! Ahh, ahh, I-I'm cumming! I'm cumming...!"
Astrid "Nnmm, aahh, go ahead, mm, all of you. Cum and make me cum, ohh, ohh! Oh gods, here it... mmmaaahhhhh!"
Phhhhhhhhhllllllllpp, pssshhhhhhh, phhllllrrrrp!")
Astrid "Ghhhhhoooooo, nnmm, sshhllp, cum, chhlp, jizz, mmm, so much of it, shllp, mmm, chp, chhhp!"
The three ejaculate all at once, and waves of overly thick semen pour into Astrid like a fierce tide.
Astrid's anus and cunt tighten, and her lips wrap around the rod as close as can be as she greedily takes it into her.
Izabella "Ahh, your pussy's squeezing so tight. It's going to suck me dry! Uuurgh!"
Bibi "Lady Astrid, you're amazing! I've never cum into a hole this good... ahhh!"
Amy "You're sucking everything I've got! Oh, Lady Astrid, I'm so happy you're g-gulping me down... ahh, ahhhnn!"
The three bend into the pleasure of ejaculation, their hips shuddering with joy.
Astrid wiggles in pleasure too as her cavities are rubbed against her while the tides of white pour in. As she reels, geysers of milk shoot from her nipples.
Astrid "Nnnnmmmm! I'm cumming again, shooting out more milk... Nnn, mmm, ahhh, ahhhhh!"
The more semen she takes, the more her taut, sharp nipples gush out milk.
Bibi "Mm, Lady Astrid, your milk smells so good... Ahh, ahhh, my dick is tingling again!"
Izabella "M-Me too! Oh, gods, Lady Astrid, I'm going to burst again! I'm going to shoot out more cum! Ahhh, Lady Astriiiid!"
Amy "Ahh, p-please just keep sucking... Oh, my dick is going to melt...!"
Aroused by Astrid's dramatic orgasm, the three continue firing off their loads.
Astrid's anus, pussy, and even her throat clench around their respective dicks, seeking to squeeze out every last drop.
Plllshhhppp! Psh-psh! Ssssppplllrrrt! Plllsshhh!")
Astrid "Ah, ahhnn, mmph, ahhh! Ah, I'm cumming! I'm cumming again! Oh, gods, a big orgasm is coming! Ahhhh!"
Astrid "Nnnnnaaaaaaaaahhh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming with my pupils coming inside me, ahhhhh!"
She shrieks in maddening pleasure as her disciples continue to pump their vitality into her.
Her own cries and words arouse her, bringing her orgasm to greater heights.
Astrid "Ah, haahh, ahh... nmmm, chllp, mm, the cum is, mm, spilling out, chlp chlp..."
Even as the waves of orgasm recede, Astrid continues to slurp at the remnants of the semen with her tongue, savoring the aftershocks.
Filled with sticky, white fluid, her body feels as though it is floating.
Her holes contract around the penises still in them.
Bibi "Eheh, her asshole's twitching like she wants it more. What a greedy butt!"
Izabella "And her pussy's writhing in pleasure too. Eheheh, Lady Astrid, did you like my dick that much?"
Amy "W-Were our cocks... and our cum tasty?"
The three ask her with expectant eyes.
Astrid looks up at them, and though she hesitates for a moment, she nods with a smile.
Astrid "Why, of course. Your cocks and your cum... were both so wonderful. I couldn't stop climaxing."
The three clap their hands in joy at her answer.
Astrid realizes that the moment she answered, something broke inside of her. Something irreparable.
All that has happened up until now play through her mind.
It began with her golem being taken over and raping the virginity out of her, and the lustbrand has subjected her to countless humiliations after that.
As she recollects, she feels a sweet, tingling desire burning up in her core.
Astrid (This is... the kind of woman I am. Happy as long as I have a cock or two around me...)
Her mind is ready. She will seek more pleasure and will live as a woman of the service nation.
She will be a woman of the night who pleasures the men who seek it, moaning in ecstasy all the way.
Amy "C-Can I put my dick in your pussy next?"
Bibi "I want you to clean me up with your mouth! Eheheh, and I want you to suck me as hard as you did Amy's dick, okay?"
Izabella "I'll take your butt. Oh, it's like a dream, being able to enjoy your asshole..."
Their cheeks are flush as the three begin to discuss their next positions.
Just hearing that makes anticipation swell up in Astrid's chest, and she is unable to endure the heat in her womb.
Bibi "Ravishing Lady Astrid is pretty fun, but it would be pretty nice to have her do it to us too."
Izabella "Yeah. Lady Astrid, I think you should have them sprout you a dick. You'll find pleasures you never thought possible!"
Amy "I-I'm sure with her magic she can conjure up a huge, thick, wonderful cock... eheh."
Astrid "Me? Hmm... haha, right you are..."
The thought strikes her as amusing.
That she could be the one granting the spellbinding humiliation that she has tasted thus far.
Astrid (It looks like... I've been a part of the Service Nation on the inside for a long time, haven't I...? Hah, haha...)
The resisting front she put up in retrospect just seems silly to her now.
Astrid (Just living as a whore isn't enough. Just being raped... and used, that isn't enough.)
She will show herself, all of herself, to large crowds of men and have her whole body devoured in an orgy of desire.
She will be violated by her beloved pupils and violate them in turn.
She will use everything she has to seek only the heights of carnal pleasure.
All would be allowed in the Service Nation.
Astrid "Oh, I just cannot wait... Heheh, haha..."
Feeling a weight off her back and a clarity of vision, Astrid keeps up a low chuckle.
............
......
...
#04_ast011
The Service Nation continues to extend its reach, occupying more territory.
Over the last few months in particular, their new pawns have shown impressive performance on the battlefield.
Such as...
Luka "The occupation is complete as the report says."
Derek "That was a lot sooner than expected."
Derek takes a look at the document Luka handed him and nods in satisfaction.
Derek "A small nation, yes, but one of the beastmen's. Their soldiers are far stronger than your average human man-at-arms, but... I suppose they were no match for a golem."
Luka "Are you sure you are not being... too complimentary? It's going to get to her head."
Derek "Come now, don't be like that. Now then, how is she? How's Astrid doing?"
Derek asks Luka despite her sulking as he throws the document down onto the desk.
Luka scoffs.
Luka "She's gotten right to tuning the captive she picked up."
Derek "I didn't quite expect Astrid to fall into our ways quite this hard."
Derek smiles, remembering how hard she had resisted against Nicola's lustbrand.
Who Astrid is now was unimaginable back in those days.
After all, she had hated the lustful arcane arts so much, and now she stands as a master of them, surpassing even Nicola.
Derek "I see why she was lauded as the next Grandmaster. The meat dolls she crafts are well-liked too. Let's keep her working."
Astrid Flamel was famous in the Kimia Magician's Guild.
Yet her old claims to fame----her mastery of golems and her position as the next Grandmaster----are far in the past.
Now, people far and wide know her as the lustbrand master of the Service Nation, with skills surpassing Nicola's.
Now the Service Nation's top lustbrand master, Astrid has been given her own research lab.
Many visit her lab, seeking to have her carve lustbrands into their slaves.
Astrid's favorite activity, however, is carving lustbrands into unsullied maidens, awakening them to the pleasures of the flesh.
The girls made into meat dolls in this fashion go for much higher prices than the average sex slave.
And now, another is about to be sacrificed to her designs.
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ahh, n-no, stop! I... I can't take it anymore...!"
Astrid "Such a sweet scream, my dear little rabbit. Those cries only tempt me further!"
#04_ast012h_ast07
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ghhk, nnnn! Ah, eeep! I-It hurts so much. Why... nn, ahh, ahhhhh!?"
Astrid's workshop is a room with a variety of magical tools scattered here and there. It is filled with the howls of a princess with adorable rabbit ears.
She had tried to scramble away but had her legs caught and pried open, then had a massive penis jammed into her crotch.
Keeping a solid grip on her legs, Astrid smiles in amusement.
Astrid "Goodness me, where did that sweet little moan come from?"
Rabbitfolk Princess "Nnmmm!? Nn, mm, ah, ahhh!"
Clad in an alluring outfit that draws men's eyes to her massive breasts, Astrid thrusts her hips forward.
Her shockingly large cock tears into the princess's pussy with its hymen freshly broken and makes her let out a pained cry.
The princess's cries and tears embolden Astrid's penis, making it swell with heat.
Astrid "Aha, ahaha...! Look at you, the princess of a nation, taking pleasure in being thrust into. Only a moment has passed since you've been robbed of your virginity! Such a lewd girl you are!"
Shllp, shhp, shrrrp!")
Rabbitfolk Princess "N-No, I am nothing of the... Mm, ahh, I take no pleasure in... ahh, mmm, eeeep!"
With every bold thrust of Astrid's hips, the princess's voice breaks sweetly.
When Astrid's thick cock lifts her labia, a mixture of her love juice and blood from her hymen flows out.
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ahh, nnmm, ahhh...! T-This is all because... mmm, you... ahh, you cast that vile s-spell on... nnahhh!"
Each thrust fills her with pain from below, and just as much numbing pleasure.
She balls her fists together, fearing the unknown sensation, and she shakes her head, her rabbit ears flopping as she does.
Her sweat-covered, white lower belly sees a thin, violet lustbrand appear before disappearing.
Astrid "Hah, obscene spell? I haven't even begun to develop you, my dear. I simply made it easier to uncover the lust you harbor within."
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ahh, ghhkk... ah, mm, ah, nnn, ahhhh!"
After being thrust into so deeply, she ends up stretched out. The princess is then assailed by a barrage of short, rapid thrusts.
As her womb is rocked, she slams on the floor yearning for pain.
In a desperate battle with the growing pleasure below, her eyes face the women lined up at the wall.
Rabbitfolk Princess (Wait, no, I... I can't! I can't become like them, I won't, I... nnmm!)
The appearances of the women lined up at the wall are far more obscene than if they were simply naked.
Far below their faces of vacant, yet lustful eyes lay red lustbrands over their wombs.
As the brands' demand, the women rub their clits, leaking both fluids and moans.
They are sex slaves, with their perversions enlarged as much as can be by the lustbrands they bear.
In another corner, Astrid's pupils are watching their master break into the new girl with passionate eyes.
Bibi "Mm, the new girl's just as cute as the last one. I can't wait to stick my dick into her! Wonder how she'll moan when I cum inside her?"
Izabella "Tch, Bibi, you're always going on about that. How about at least trying to carve in a lustbrand yourself?"
Bibi "Mmm! Ahh, Izabella! D-Don't rub my cockhole like that, mmm!"
Izabella wraps her hand around Bibi's penis and plays with its hole, using her index finger.
Bibi roils from the strong pleasure, and large gobs of precum pour out of her.
Yet for her part, though she scolds Bibi, Izabella's penis is burstingly erect.
As is the third pupil's.
Amy "Oh, Lady Astrid... M-My dick can't take much more..."
Staring spellbound at Astrid's sadistic smile, Amy rubs her vertically standing penis with both hands.
As the sex slaves and her disciples watch her, Astrid continues to plow into the rabbitfolk princess with her enormous penis.
Astrid "Oh, darling, it looks like you're about to climax. This virgin pussy of yours is so desperately clinging to my cock... asking me to go even deeper!"
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ahh, nn, ahhh! I-It is doing nothing of the, mm, sort! Ahhh!"
She rustles her rabbit ears, desperately denying what Astrid says.
Yet her cunt expands and contracts with the passage of the rod within, its walls clinging to the veiny, erect cock.
When the cock pries her tight pussy open, it leaks out sweet honey as her ears stand on end.
Astrid "Heheh... well, dear, if you want to cum, then go right ahead. No need to hold back."
Astrid "But you do know the consequences. If you let the climax happen, the lustbrand will stick to you for the rest of your days. Ahahaha!"
Shllp, shhhrrp, shllllp!")
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ahh, ghhhk, fwaahh! N-No, I don't want to be... I... ahhhh!"
Astrid licks her lips as she increases the speed of her thrusts.
Covered in vaginal blood, her penis tramples into the shallow depths of the princess's pussy and pushes even further.
With every thrust, the princess cracks her back and screams as her ears wiggle.
Rabbitfolk Princess "Nnnmm, ahhh! P-Please let me go! I-If you keep at it, I'll... I'll... ahhh!"
The princess's pride has no meaning in the face of the lustbrand Astrid has imprinted onto her.
The more she thrashes and resists, the deeper pleasure is implanted into her virgin flesh.
Her freshly popped vagina wraps around Astrid's tyrannical penis in an embrace hot enough for the heat to reach her core.
Astrid smiles. Though inexperienced, the princess's folds rub against her penis well. Cutely.
Astrid "That's why I told you you needn't hold back! Come, give yourself over to the pleasure! Heh, ahahaha!"
Bursting out laughing, Astrid visits a particularly deep thrust of her rod into the princess's passage.
Rabbitfolk Princess "Gggghkkk!? Nn, aahh, my stomach is... ahh, ahhh...! Agyahhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Her body convulses violently, and her rabbit ears shoot up straight as if to announce tension.
Her vagina contracts wildly, squeezing Astrid's penis as hard as it can.
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ahh, ahhgah, ahh, no, no, I can't... I'm going to... Ah, nooooo!"
Throwing her chin to the sky, she lets out a guttural scream. A line of drool rolls out of the side of her mouth.
Right then, the penis deep in her loins begins to feel like a fireball.
Rabbitfolk Princess "Mm, ahh, aaaah, wah! I-It's so hot. My stomach, it's burning upppppp!"
The violet lustbrand shows up clearly on her lower abdomen.
As if the brand is emitting heat, her lower regions grow hotter and hotter.
As Astrid's penis thrusts into her numbing pussy, the princess is assailed by a wave of pleasure that makes her feel as though she is floating.
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ah, ahhh! I-I'm scared... I can't! I don't want... ahh, ahhh! I'm... I'm going to...!"
Astrid "Ahahaha! There's no need to be scared. Accept the wonderful new world ahead of you! A world of eternal, unending pleasure!"
Chlllp, shlp, shhhhhp!")
Rabbitfolk Princess "Nnn, mmm, ayahh! S-Stop it. Please j-just let me go! I----ahh, ahhh!"
Astrid mercilessly plows into the princess as she is scorched by the lustbrand's heat.
Her penis grows hotter and harder, thrusting in and out of her pussy as if it were trying to grind down her folds.
Her passage contracts around Astrid's penis as if putting up a pained resistance.
Astrid "Heh, you want this, don't you? You want to feel a real orgasm as I fill you up with my cum, don't you? Very well. I'll show you what it's like!"
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ghhhk, mnmnmnm, nnnn! Ahhhh! Ahh, ahh, I... I... I...!"
Astrid "You want to come, don't you? Well then, tell me how you want to cum! Out with it!"
Rabbitfolk Princess "Eeeek! Hhh, hhhhhh!"
Her savage penis tirelessly scrambles her womb, now burning hot from the lustbrand's magic.
Feeling like she can endure no longer with her body on the brink of catching fire, she pleads through thick tears.
Rabbitfolk Princess "I... I want to cum... I want to cum! I want you to fill me with your thick, hot spunk and make me cum!"
Astrid "Heh, ahaha! I love girls who are honest with themselves! Very well. I'll fill your womb with my seed and give you the orgasm of your life!"
The princess of her own land gives up her pride and moans, yearning for sexual pleasure.
The pathetic sight brings Astrid to the heights of arousal.
Her penis puffs up inside, growing hotter and stiffer.
Now virtually a scorching rod of steel, she plunges it toward the princess's womb.
Rabbitfolk Princess "Gghhk, mm, aahh! Ohh, this cock is so... Ahh, it's so hot inside me, and it's getting... getting bigger, ahhh!?"
Astrid "Ahaha, don't worry, dear, I'll fill you up! Take every last drop!"
With that shot, Astrid opens the princess's cervix with her cock.
Psssshhhh! Phhlllpp! Pwsssshhhh!")
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ahhhhhhh, nnnn, gggghhhkkkkk I'm cumming! There's so much cum inside... Ah, ahhhh!"
Astrid "Ahaha, what a beautiful cry! Nmm, and it feels like your insides are squeezing it all out of my cock!"
The princess's folds wrap tightly around Astrid's dick with each one writhing like a different creature.
The tickling stimulates her rod further, and she continues to ejaculate inside.
Phlllp! Psshhh! Plllllk!")
Rabbitfolk Princess "Nnn, ahhh! T-There's more!? My stomach, it's... so full, but it keeps... ahh, mmm!?"
Rabbitfolk Princess "There's so much. It's so... so hot, I... I-I'm cumming even, ahh, even more. Ahhh, I'm cumming!"
Rabbitfolk Princess "Nnn...! Ah, hah... hah... ahh..."
Astrid "Heheheh... A princess's pussy indeed. Classy and rich in flavor... It's in perfect condition to welcome a cock."
Pulling her cock out, Astrid starts to wipe the juices on it off on the princess's tail.
For the princess's part, she wiggles her butt expectantly through labored breaths.
Her eyes glow red, proof that she is under the lustbrand's spell.
Bibi "Wow, Lady Astrid, another one in the bag! Can I have her next? Izabella rubbed me off, but I'm still stiff as a board!"
Izabella "Bibi, your cock's been way too eager since Lady Astrid started! Besides, we have to clean her penis up first."
Amy "U-Um, Lady Astrid... I-I would like your cock in my pussy..."
Astrid's three pupils speak to her, their cocks quivering all the way.
Astrid smiles at her pupils but holds out a hand to tell them to wait.
Astrid "I'm flattered and will attend to you later, but we have a job to do. The Service Nation has a brand new sex slave on its hands, and we have to give her a welcome."
A warm smile comes over Astrid's lips, and she looks down at the rabbitfolk princess.
The princess reacts to her voice, slowly turning to look up at her.
Her red pupils flutter, wavering in intoxication and ecstasy.
Rabbitfolk Princess "Lady Astrid, mm... please allow me to offer you my anal virginity as well... mm..."
With that, the princess tenses her crotch.
The small hole in her behind rises up and begins to open and close like a murmuring mouth.
The force of it makes her cunt, unable to fully close while being ravaged by Astrid's penis, push out a stream of the thick, half-solid sperm with a squelch.
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ahh, oh no, the seed you'd given me... I'm... I'm so sorry..."
Astrid "Ahaha, oh, what am I going to do with you? I'll pump enough to make up for it into your ass, so make sure you hold on until I say so next time, all right?"
Rabbitfolk Princess "Mmm, oh, t-thank you, Lady Astrid..."
Astrid strokes her hair gently, and the princess lets out a spellbound sigh.
Her head tingles with such a sweetness that she wishes Astrid would stroke her forever.
Amy "Nnn... L-Lady Astrid's dick...!"
Bibi "Can't wait, can you? All right, Amy, I'll stick it in your pussy until Lady Astrid is ready!"
Izabella "Eheheh, I'll take her butt then. Or did you want to put your penis in my pussy, Amy?"
Amy "A-Ah, w-well, then, I... I want to thrust into a pussy while mine gets r-rammed into...!"
Bibi "Eheh! Great, I'll fill your womb until it starts spilling out, Amy!"
Astrid gives her excited pupils a loving glance.
Then, she turns back to the princess and pushes her throbbing cock against the tightness of her ass.
Astrid "All right, I'll be taking your anal virginity, then."
Rabbitfolk Princess "Oh, please do... My asshole is terribly inexperienced, but I will do my utmost to have it please you, Lady Astrid..."
Astrid "Oh, what a good girl."
Astrid kisses the princess's leg she still has a hold on, then forcefully thrusts her hips forward.
Gggrrrrk, bcch... shllllp!")
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ghhhk! Nnn, ggghhkk, aahhh! Aaaggh, nnn, ueaaahh! Ahh, mm, aahhhh!"
Astrid's cock grows horrific in size and forces the princess's tiny anus open.
She grinds her veiny, thick penis against the princess's anal sphincter as she buries her cock into the small hole.
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ah, ahhhgh, gghhhhhhh! S-So hot, ahhhh... nnn! M-My ass is going to burn up!"
Astrid "Heh... This virgin anus is taking such pleasure in the pain. It's wrapping around my cock so eagerly!"
Rabbitfolk Princess "Aghhh, ahh, nnn! Mmm, ahhh... Oh, oh, Lady Astrid...!"
Pain and heat rivaling the breaking of her hymen shoot through her body.
Her whole self stiffens with pain great enough to reach her chest and throat, and simply breathing hurts her lungs.
Yet, the pleasure is so great she wants to cry.
Her heart races, and she can hardly inhale.
Though it hurts, she feels a strange heat bubbling up from her flank, and the heat only grows greater.
Astrid "Ahaha... My, you came around to wanting it yourself quickly. Feel as much as you desire! Revel in the sensation!"
Shlllp! Chhppp, gcchh, shlllp, shrrrrp!")
Rabbitfolk Princess "My ass, i-it's so hot, so painful, but... y-yet, ahhh... nnn, ahhhh!"
Her anus is stretched out as far as it can go, and its walls contract around the thick penis invading, stretched so far their wrinkles disappear.
Yet the more she is violently thrust into, the more lustful pleasure colors the princess's cries.
As the veiny penis grinds into her sphincter, a heat separate from pain flows into her from her asshole.
Shllp, mmcch, nnnch, shllp!")
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ah, mm, ugaaahh! Ahh, I'm going, mm, c-crazy, I-I can't, ah, ahhh!"
The searing pain is transformed into pleasure, and a burning joy fills her rectum.
The bliss draws tears out of her, her ears shaking as she writhes in joy.
Astrid "Haha, so good you're losing your mind, aren't you? But know that you can't be the only one moaning!"
Astrid "A sex slave of the Service Nation has to prioritize pleasuring the cock before her over even her own pleasure!"
Shlllp, nnncch, shpshp!")
Rabbitfolk Princess "My womb, ahh! My cum-filled womb is getting squashed through my anus... Ahh, I can't, ahhh!"
Reduced to jelly by the merciless thrusts, the princess lets out screams of ecstasy as her back shudders.
Her anus writhes in joy as well, clinging to the cock as it moves in and out.
Astrid "There we go! The more you pleasure the cock, the more it pleasures you! A wonderful arrangement, don't you think?"
Rabbitfolk Princess "Y-Yes, my lady, mm, it's wonderful! Oh, gods, my asshole, ah, it feels so good! I love getting fucked in the asssss!"
With all her restraints removed, the princess howls lewdly at Astrid's beck and starts to shake her small butt, yearning for more.
Her rectum immediately heats up, and Astrid's cheeks soften from the pleasure of her dick nearly melting inside her partner.
Astrid "That's a good girl. I'll pump this hole full of seed, just for you! I'll fill your pussy up just as much as your other cunt!"
With that announcement, Astrid thrusts into the rectum deeper and from different angles, moving as the impulse to ejaculate bubbling up from the base of her shaft dictates.
Shlp, shp, zzzhp!")
Rabbitfolk Princess "It's so good! It's so good! Ahh, ahh, ahh, my ass feels so good I'm going to... Ahh, I'm going to lose it...!"
Astrid "Haha... here it comes, dear! I'm filling your ass with my spunk!"
Animated by the overwhelming pleasure coming from her loins, Astrid thrusts deep into the princess's anus.
The heated anal passage wraps around Astrid's penis like rubber, squeezing tightly.
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ah, please, shoot your seed into my ass! Fill me up! Mm, ahh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming from getting fucked in my ass!"
Plllsshhhh! Psssshhh! Pshpsh, phllllp, psssshhhaww!")
Rabbitfolk Princess "Nn, aaahhh! Ooohhhhhh! Gods, ahh, the cum, there's so... ahhhh!"
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ahh, my tummy is so full... Gweh, I'm coming from, ah, my ass just getting c-covered in... nnnmmmm!"
Her rectum is filled with white goop shooting in with such force that some spills out from her plugged hole.
As it pours into her, the princess convulses, letting out a lusty, bestial roar of a moan.
Astrid "Oh, how wonderful! Your asshole is tightening so desperately, trying to keep all the cum inside... This hunger will make you a perfect slave to the nation!"
As Astrid shouts in joy, the asshole she's in continues to open and contract as if trying to swallow down the semen.
The hole frantically squeezes the rod, trying to coax out every last drop of cum.
Astrid's face melts in pleasure as she continues her long ejaculation. So hungry is the princess's anus that it gives her cock no time to stop.
Plllsshhhh! Pwwwsssshhhh! Blllsshhhh!")
Rabbitfolk Princess "Nnn, ah, ahhh! My tummy is full, but it just keeps, mm, coming! My pussy is going to brreaaakkk!"
Rabbitfolk Princess "I can't stop cumming! Ggaaaaaaahhhh! I love getting fucked in the asssss, ahhhhh!"
Astrid "There we go, keep climaxing and keep orgasming! Throw away the woman you were and become a receptacle of pleasure... as I have. Haha... ahahaha!"
Rabbitfolk Princess "Ah, wah... ahh... My butt's so... hot and tingly... I-I'm sorry, some of the... mm, cum spilled... nmm..."
When Astrid pulls out her rod after her ejaculation, the princess's voice trembles in bliss.
Thick semen does not stop flowing out of her slack, wide-open anus, making a gushing sound on its way down.
Astrid "Goodness, you've spilled it again, have you? I suppose you might be needing some punishment."
Rabbitfolk Princess "Oh, oh y-yes, Lady Astrid... please punish my pussy and my ass... mmm, even more..."
Rabbitfolk Princess "T-Train my pussy so I can... become a t-true slave of the Service Nation..."
The princess babbles. Her consciousness is only half there.
Astrid sees herself in the young rabbitfolk woman. Sees how she had been awakened to the pleasures of the flesh through the cocks of her disciples.
Astrid "Good girl... Oh, and don't you worry, I'll make that wish come true. My lustful magic will make you a passionate slave like no other... Haha, ahahaha..."
Astrid smiles in ecstasy, feeling fulfilled from the bottom of her heart.
She has fallen much farther than the moaning princess beneath her, and she goes on to be an essential part of the Service Nation moving forward, winning infamy through her exploits.
#04_ele001
Eleonora Bern.
The only bishop who is faithful to the Goddess's will and conscience in the Church which is now comprised of corrupted and dominated by the Service Nation that indulges in the pleasures of the glamorous and the gluttonous.
She rejects the temptation of greed and the lure of carnal pleasures to live simply and honestly. Her sole mission is to aid those who are suffering the hardships of poverty.
She has earned her saintly reputation through piety.
Eleonora has followed the divine doctrine since she was young, and she continues to address corruption in the Church, sometimes directly and sometimes indirectly.
Despite her conflict with the higher-ranking members of the Church, her rapport with the commoners secured her the title of bishop.
Her sway over them is of value.
If Eleonora can be made to understand the pleasures of the flesh and of sexual service, then these ideas would be solidified in the minds of newcomers to the Service Nation.
Derek "It's time for a lesson in reality."
As Derek speaks, he flings down a report on the desk.
It is not easy to discourage Eleonora.
The strength of her will has been proven by the fact that she has not been discouraged by the influence of Ladomira's power.
Because she has a noble ambition, the temptation cannot find a way to penetrate her mind.
If her eyes clouded by faith are cleared and confronted with reality, she will realize her own folly.
But even if she resists, there should be some other technique that will work.
Derek orders his men to probe deeper into Eleonora's past once more.
Derek "I will have her as my own pawn within the Church."
If the Church can be seized, it will be much easier to govern the Service Nation after overthrowing Ladomira.
Having Eleonora in hand will make this much easier.
Derek leaves to begin putting things in order.
Eleonora "I feel so separated from the Church..."
In the Service Nation, Eleonora is under house arrest in a special chamber in the castle.
She sighs deeply as she gazes out into the distance stretching out before her.
The outer edge of the castle town looks hazy from this distance. Her church is located in the so-called slums.
But it has been a long time since she was taken from there.
Before the decisive battle with the Holy Alliance, she was captured by Derek through treachery, and she is now forced to serve as a comfort woman.
Even after the war was over, she is still a prisoner of war.
Her treatment has been much better since her return to the castle. A good example of this is the fact that she lives in a private room instead of a cell even though she is under house arrest.
That doesn't make Eleonora's mind any clearer.
Eleonora "I hope... they are all well..."
Eleonora's concern is not for herself, but for the people living in the slums who attend her church.
Food, medicine, education, and, above all, Eleonora has shared her faith with the poor.
Even without her, they are living with each other to help one another.
Still, she strongly wants to help those who may be suffering.
Eleonora "As soon as I can be free of this place..."
Eleonora mutters to herself as she thinks of the elderly and children who once held her hand.
Eleonora "How long are they going to keep me locked up like this?"
Eleonora, with her quiet eyes, asks this of Derek as he visits her.
There is no air of hostility or fear.
In Eleonora's eyes, Derek is a wayward soul who also needs her care.
Derek smiles coldly at Eleonora.
Derek "How... can your eyes remain thus? Perhaps the gravity of your situation has still yet to sink in."
Despite the tone of his words, Derek reveals he is enjoying himself, and he even surrenders a chuckle.
Eleonora "My situation? What do you mean sink in? There is naught for me to do about any of it."
All she can say about her situation is that she is in it.
Derek "No, you have to digest this into your soul. You still have failed to realize the supreme nature of the tenants of the Service Nation."
Eleonora "Supreme nature of the tenants of the Service Nation?"
Her eyebrows furrow.
Eleonora "It is inconceivable. That this nation is above all..."
Eleonora "This country oppresses and preys upon women. A nation built on the sacrifice of women. Such a thing... is fundamentally wrong. It's not the foundation of a country at all."
She cannot accept such a thing.
Fearlessly, she stares right into Derek. Her eyes question him about whether he truly believes what he says without words.
Derek "You are the one who is wrong, Bishop. In fact, even women are happy here. Glad to be in the service of men."
Eleonora "But that is of your own shaping. That very notion... is absurd and should be snuffed out."
She remembers the women who were tortured and raped. The humiliation was too cruel. They were destroyed by them.
Their dignity and personhood were absolutely massacred. She feels this is unforgivable and should not be permitted to continue.
Derek "You're a stubborn woman. But that's not going to be enough. Eleonora... you need to admit that your thinking is wrong."
Eleonora "What do you mean by that?"
Derek "The beloved Bishop of the people, her influence is so heavy as to try to weed out corruption from the Church. How can you be so blind to that power?"
Eleonora "It is impossible... for me to condone the state of the Service Nation."
More than words, there is a strong flame in her eye.
Derek "............"
Eleonora "............"
They communicate their ideals clearly with only their eyes.
Derek "I suppose we are at odds then, aren't we?"
Eleonora "No, there should be resolution in the end."
Eleonora will not concede.
This can only mean that the Service Nation will do what it can to change her perspective.
Derek yields a low laugh. It is a laugh more like the growl of a predator fixated on his prey.
Derek "Very well... Then you shall receive a proper education on the ways of the Service Nation."
With a snap of Derek's fingers, the chamber door opens as though he had anticipated this.
Two men dressed in the cloth approach Eleonora.
Eleonora "Why are... you...?"
For the first time, a look of alarm comes over her face.
They are colleagues of hers and are now in league with the Service Nation.
Although their faces feign piety, their eyes ooze perversion toward Eleonora.
Eleonora sternly meets their gaze.
Bishop A "General Derek, we apologize for the inconvenience. We will surely make our friend Eleonora repent."
Bishop B "She is still beloved to us though quite wrong in her views. Please grant us the opportunity to amend this error."
The bishops enthusiastically appeal to Derek.
But Derek being Derek continues to maintain an air of being aloof.
Derek "But it is also true that this woman had connections to the enemy. We can't just release her."
Bishop A "I ask you to please let her stay here. His Eminence will surely thank you for this consideration, General."
Derek "Hmm... Indeed."
His Eminence is the highest title in the Church. It is an honorary title for the Pope.
In other words, this is all going according to plan.
Eleonora is able to approximate what will happen next.
Eleonora (Do as you may... but my heart and my body are consecrated and the Goddess's alone! Such despicable lust will never...)
Eleonora takes a deep breath, straightens her back, and looks straight at Derek as if challenging him.
Derek's mouth raises slightly, and he laughs.
Derek "I see that your comrades will admonish you. Please be grateful for their sermon."
Eleonora "Only the Word of the Goddess can reach my heart."
Eleonora says so with an unwavering heart.
The bishops flank Eleonora. At first glance, they are smiling softly, but they seem to be licking their lips in lust as soon as she is before them.
Bishop A "Very well, my dear. Shall we begin, Eleonora?"
Eleonora "I understand..."
No more questions or answers are needed.
There is nothing left but for them to teach her a new correct way of living.
With this resolve, Eleonora is walked out by the bishops.
Eleonora "This is..."
She is brought to a torture chamber in the basement of the castle.
There are nearly ten people waiting there.
She is shocked that they could be in a place like this. All of them hold the rank of bishop, and all of them are high-ranking people in the Church. Of course, they are all familiar faces to Eleonora.
They all have gentle smiles at first glance.
On behalf of these bishops, the men who brought Eleonora speak.
Bishop A "Now, Eleonora, you must prove that you have not been exposed to heretical teachings."
Bishop B "We don't want to force you to do something you don't want to do. So you know what is to be done, right?"
Lust slithers through their warm smiles.
Their faces are like beasts in heat. They are unbecoming of men of the cloth.
But that is precisely why Eleonora chooses to comply.
She believes her faith is what is right. She believes that a pure heart can overcome the lust of the flesh.
Bishop A "Well, Eleonora?"
Eleonora "I... I understand..."
Her fingertips feel hot and numb from the tension.
Nevertheless, Eleonora takes off her clothes with her own hands.
#04_ele002h_ele03
Bishop A "Your Inquisition is now in session. Eleonora Bern, do you swear by the Goddess that you will answer truthfully whatever is asked of you."
Eleonora "I do..."
She trembles as she gives her confirmation, and the bishop nods in satisfaction.
Bishop A "Good. Then come here. Show us your true colors."
Eleonora "I understand..."
Eleonora gulps and walks forward slowly.
Eleonora "Is... here alright?"
She climbs onto a stand provided in the room and assumes the posture as ordered. She sits down with her legs spread outward and hands clasped behind her head.
She is indecent and bewildered, exposing her obscene crotch, breasts, and everything else she has to expose.
Observing Eleonora up close are her former comrades who had served with her in the Church.
The bishops, sitting around Eleonora's stand, look up hungrily at her crotch while digging for her evil nature under her stoic expression.
Bishop A "Hmm... Totally concealed. What a beautiful vulva indeed."
Bishop B "Yes. Given her age, there should be some distortion or misshapenness to her labia, but I don't see any at all."
Bishop C "She lacks any trace of foul odor even though that's a common problem to be had. Her nethers must be well taken care of."
Eleonora "Kch..."
While feigning intellectualism, the bishops speak without reservation. It would shame many a woman.
Eleonora bites her lips at the sound of their words which increases her amorous appearance.
Bishop A "Eleonora. Let me guess, you don't masturbate much, do you?"
Eleonora "What!? By the heavens, what does that have to do with anything?"
Bishop B "We will be the judge of that. Not you."
Eleonora "Hnng, khhh, uhh..."
Bishop C "Answer honestly. How many times a week do you masturbate?"
Eleonora "I... do no such thing..."
Bishop A "Oh?"
One of the bishops raises an eyebrow at Eleonora's confession.
He leans in further and stares at Eleonora's crotch.
Her thighs twitch under the weight of his gaze.
To demonstrate the strength of her will, she maintains the open width of her legs.
The bishops, whether they know Eleonora's feelings or not, are examining her most secret place with a particularly impudent gaze.
Bishop A "Hmmm... It's hard to believe that you haven't done a single masturbation session with this wonderfully ripe body of yours..."
Bishop B "But if you look at how well-shaped the labia are, it's understandable. If she masturbated frequently, they would be much uglier and more distorted."
Bishop C "Yes, quite. Her anus is also clean. It doesn't look like she was masturbating here either."
Eleonora "Hnn! I declare I have never done such a filthy thing!"
Eleonora reflexively shouts that she could never conceive of doing such an unclean act.
Her asshole tightens as if to escape the gaze of the bishops.
The bishops step back and stare at Eleonora.
Bishop A "The inspection from the outside seems to be fine for the moment. Now let's examine this in more detail."
Eleonora "Kuh... Go ahead, do as you see fit."
They will torture her. Despite knowing this, Eleonora hides her fear.
She is prepared to be raped. Besides, this level of humiliation has already been doled out by the soldiers of the Service Nation.
Then, one of the bishops approaches.
She feels moist breath on her neck.
The bishop gropes Eleonora's breast from bellow, holding it aloft like a holy offering.
Eleonora "Hnng, hnn, hhh! N-No! That's... Let go! Let me go, I beg you!"
Bishop A "Oh, did you say something? Is Eleonora refusing the affection of the Goddess? You would speak such words of heresy?"
The bishop makes his argument while fondling her.
As he did so, his fingers are gnawing, pressing, and squeezing near Eleonora's areola.
Eleonora's body twists and turns at the painful, dry sensation.
Eleonora "Hafff, hhh, hghhh... nghhhh...! Hahh, ngh, ahh... Merely... the desires of the flesh... Kfff, nghhh, you call them the love of the Goddess...!"
Bishop B "Is that so? But, Eleonora, you are making such alluring vocalizations right now, just from a little nipple rubbing."
Bishop C "Yes, indeed. Look at her twisting and writhing. She looks just like a whore! Disgusting."
Eleonora "Ngh... hahh, uhhh, I... nghhh, kfff, hghhh...! No, so strong..."
The bishop's fingers pinch and pull on her nipples.
Between those fingers, she can feel her nipples getting stiff and growing hard.
When that hardened nipple is pinched even harder, a tingling, shocking sensation flows in from the tip of her breast.
Then, even though she tries to suppress it, her hips inevitably jerk and quiver.
Ashamed of herself, Eleonora just can't help but avert her gaze.
Eleonora "Ahh, no... don't look... Nghhh, hahh, ahhh, that's too much... Hnnng..."
Then the nipples are pinched and pulled to stretch her breasts.
The nipples themselves should sting from being pinched so hard, but the frustrating, numbing sensation makes her squirm.
Her skin reddens as beads of sweat reveal themselves.
The bishop standing behind her sniffs the sweaty nape of Eleonora's neck.
Bishop A "Hmm... This odor is not becoming of a bishop... She reeks like a bitch in heat."
Eleonora "How dare you call me a bitch...! Watch your tongue!"
Bishop A "I am not out of line in my judgments. This is my line of work. To assess women... and their craven failing to their carnal addictions."
Bishop B "Quite. It isn't just a succulent aroma... the smell carries hints of a temptress's deception."
Bishop C "We merely disseminate the word of the Goddess. Are you not the one indulging in the lewdness of sin, Eleonora?"
Eleonora "Don't be absurd... Kffff, nghhh, hahh, ahhh, no matter what you say... my sweat is not like that... Hahh, ngh!"
The bishop pulls on her nipples as though he means to tear them off.
The aching pain rising up in her is not just in her nipples but in her pussy as well.
She trembles as she endures the painful sensation.
Eleonora (Ahh... What is... happening? Why is my body... growing hot... while they humiliate me...?)
The bishops are pretending to be holy, but in fact, they are full of lust. They gawk at her naked form and play with her tits, thus making her body heat up.
She cannot believe what has become of her.
But it is an undeniable fact that her ripe body is burning with sexuality.
Bishop B "Behold, your vagina has already begun to drip with lewd juices."
Bishop C "This is lamentable. Her genitalia is drooling like a bitch in heat, seeking a cock to fill them."
Eleonora "Filthy lies! Don't distort my character!"
Eleonora desperately appeals to the bishops who deliberately point out the nature of her circumstances.
She pulls her hips to escape their watchful eyes even if just a little, but she just bumps into the bishop standing behind her.
Eleonora "Huh!?"
Eleonora shivers as the contact on her ass shocks her.
With goosebumps on her arms, she glances at the bishop standing behind her.
Eleonora (Oh, I should have known it'd be you! You and your filthy mouth!)
The bishop's erection sows sorrow and distress in Eleonora's heart.
But should she point it out, they would obviously blame her for it.
She hears his words in her mind. She has no choice but to bite her lip in frustration and endure their rhetoric.
Bishop A "I guess we need to see if it is you or us who speak the truth."
Eleonora "Hnn!? No, that's enough already!"
Bishop A "So you admit you are wrong?"
Eleonora shakes her head no.
But the bishop slowly crawls his hand downward as he speaks further nonsense.
Eleonora "Hahh, nahh, hahh, hahhh... nghhh..."
He inches closer to her mound as he strokes her with his fingertips.
The bishop places his fingertips on either side of her slit and slowly opens her pussy.
Eleonora "Hnn!!"
Bishop B "See? The folds of your flesh writhe with anticipation. How raunchy. How wretched!"
Bishop C "Have you no shame over your pussy dripping while we watch, Eleonora?"
Eleonora "No, it's not like that. Not at all! Don't look at me like that! Hknnnnfff... uhh... hnn..."
More obscene words and glances than ever before pierce Eleonora.
Her eyes spin as she is enveloped with shame.
Her body tilts and leans against the bishop behind her.
She can feel his erection through his robes.
Bishop A "Hold on, Eleonora. If you are not just a lusty woman, shouldn't you be able to... endure?"
Eleonora "Fhuaah... khh... hnn... hah... Y-Yes..."
The logic of his argument leaves Eleonora in a predicament.
She somehow manages to get strength back into her legs and reasserts support for her staggering body.
But the dizzy feeling never leaves.
Eleonora (Uhh... I can't believe... they're looking... watching... and staring at my exposed... flower...)
It is not a place that one would normally show openly even to the one closest.
Now, her vulva, breathing past her parted labia, and even the mucous membranes inside it are exposed to the bishops' eyes.
Eleonora's folds tremble in the cold air because they are not normally exposed to it.
Bishop B "No matter how you look at it, you seem to be merely a slut hungry for man."
Bishop C "And you dare criticize us and the Service Nation?"
Eleonora "Kuhh... uh!"
Eleonora (I can't... be defeated like this! I will not be defeated by people who only see women as sex objects!)
Eleonora strongly rebukes them and steels her heart even though it is on the verge of falling apart.
She is on the verge of tears, but she knows that if she shows weakness, it will only be taken advantage of by the bishops.
Eleonora "Hahh, hahh, hahh, ngh... hahhh..."
Bishop C "Oh, dear. Look how she glares at us just for pointing out the truth. What a pity."
Bishop B "Quite. No matter how strong you try to be, you're still twitching and wriggling down there, and I must say it's hilarious, isn't it?"
Eleonora (How can you... say such horrible things to a woman?)
Pity wells up in her angry heart toward the bishops.
They are also victims of the distorted ideology of the Service Nation in her mind.
Regardless of how she feels, that won't help her in this situation.
All Eleonora can do is endure.
But she will need to endure greater trials and tribulations than just the humiliation of the present.
Bishop B "Now then, Eleonora. Fill this glass with a little urine."
Eleonora "What? Urine!? What in heaven...!?"
The glass is put under her crotch.
Sensing his intentions, Eleonora is so surprised and angry that she involuntarily uncrosses her arms from behind her head.
Bishop A "Eleonora, you can't do that."
Eleonora "Nah, hahh, hahhh...! No, stop, ghhhhhh!?"
The bishop behind her spreads and flicks her clit while her pussy remains open.
It inundates Eleonora with undeniably sharp pleasure.
Eleonora "Don't touch me... there! Hahh, haghhhh...! Nghhhhh!"
She can't win. If she pulls away from his fingers, she will just find the clothed erection behind her.
Should she try to avoid his prodding, it will only spur on more.
Fleeing from the stimulation she receives from the front and back, she looks as if she were dancing with her hips.
Bishop C "Hah! Who told you to welcome a man with your hips in that way? So perverse! All we asked for was urine!"
Eleonora "Ughhh, uhhhh... That, I... I...!"
Bishop B "The color and smell of your urine is also important proof of your purity. So what's the problem?"
Bishop A "Consider this. Doesn't this help coax some out of you?"
Eleonora "Nghhhh! Hahhh, ahh, ahhh, it's hot...! No, if you tug there...!"
The bishop releases his finger from her clit and prods a little below at her urethral opening with the tip of his nail.
Every time his fingers rub her sensitive membranes, a hot, throbbing sensation runs from the back of her hips to the tips of her toes.
As he continues to rub the area, her groin begins to heat up, and the heat turns into a desire to urinate.
Eleonora "Hahhh, haghh, ngh, nghhhhhhh...! Hahhh, hahhh, no... any more and I'm r-really going to have an accident...!!"
Bishop B "What do you think you're doing, pissing yourself? You must aim properly!"
Eleonora "Hghhhh, nghhh, hghhhhh!"
Eleonora wrenches up her patience at the heartless voices of the bishops.
She bites his lip and tries to distract himself from the pain, trying to suppress her ever-swelling urge to relieve her bladder.
She can barely hold her ground as the finger continues to torture her clit.
Bishop A "Come on, Eleonora. Let everyone see for themselves."
Eleonora "Hyah, ahh, no! I-I'm serious...! Nah, ah, ahhhhhhh...!"
He prods her urethral opening strongly with his fingertips, and his palms are used to press on her bladder from without.
The urge to urinate is beyond her limit. It becomes painful and pierces her lower abdomen.
Eleonora tenses every muscle in her body, trying to prevent the flow.
But...
Eleonora "Noooo! Please! Stop! Please stop it!!"
Her screams are meaningless, and golden liquid gushes from her slit.
It flows down in a perfect arc into the glass held below.
It slushes audibly like beer filling a mug.
Bishop B "See? You had been holding back from us, haven't you Eleonora?"
Bishop C "You see, it's overflowing. I told you to pour it into the glass properly. You must aim better."
Eleonora "Hahh, oh Goddess, no! Don't! Don't look at me! Ahhh! Don't look at me!!"
The bishops' instructions remind Eleonora once again of her position.
Urinating before them.
The abject shame of it all makes her tear up.
However, once the urination begins, she can no longer stop it of her own volition.
Bishop B "Hmm... The color is better than I thought it would be. And the smell doesn't seem to be a problem either."
Bishop C "Yes, indeed. Just looking at it, I would agree if you told me this sample was from an innocent maiden."
Eleonora "Hnng, uhh, no... don't smell that... please... Uh..."
They analyze the urine sample like wine in a glass.
Eleonora sobs at the humiliation. It feels different from the humiliation of being seen urinating.
Bishop B "Well, let's check the taste as well."
Eleonora "What? There's no way..."
Eleonora is at a loss as they sample the flavor of her urine.
Eleonora "Haaaahh!"
It was not like being directly licked on her cunt.
Still, it is beyond the realm of her imagination to have one's own excretory fluids being sipped.
They audibly lap it up to which she blushes in response.
Bishop B "Hmm... quite, quite..."
Bishop C "And also... Hmm... Just like that..."
Eleonora "Khhh, uh, uhhhhhhh..."
As they pass the glass of urine around, the bishops share their impressions.
Eleonora grinds her teeth hard and weeps from the shame stabbing her chest.
But she is not defeated yet.
With a snap, she looks up and gives the bishops a strong glare.
Eleonora "Are you satisfied? Please bring this to an end..."
Bishop C "Hmm... Quite right. Then we will conclude with your confession, Eleonora."
Bishop A "Yes, that would be just right."
Eleonora "And what... would you have me confess?"
The bishops exchange seemingly benign smiles with each other, and Eleonora shudders with dread.
She looks toward the bishops again, her body tensing with alarm, and they smile obscenely in return as they prepare their questions.
Bishop A "Eleonora. You have tried to live a chaste life, but you lost your virginity a long time ago, didn't you?"
Eleonora "Huh?"
Bishop A "You lost your virginity when you were raped by thugs while you were still a girl. You put your trust in the Goddess's teachings to heal the wounds in your heart, didn't you?"
Eleonora "Hnngg!? Kuhf... hnnn!!"
Suddenly, the bishop's thick fingers pierce Eleonora's cleft.
She can feel the roughness of the finger inside her cunt.
Eleonora "Nghhh, hahhhhh...! Why are you doing this...? Ngh!? Nghhhhh!"
The flesh of her cunt grows hotter as the finger moves inside her.
The numbness is stronger than when the nipples are tortured, and pleasure floods her pussy.
Eleonora (L-Lies! That's... Hahh! That's... Hn!)
She has lived a clean life until now.
Alone in a city of immorality, she has done her best to spread righteous teachings while resisting lewd desires.
There is no way that this self could have felt pleasure under such circumstances.
Eleonora "No! It's not like that at all! I... I am... not like that! Kyaaah! Hnnk!"
Eleonora raises her voice and tries to drive away the throbbing of her pussy.
The bishop's thick fingers prod at Eleonora's twat with a self-satisfied look growing on his face.
Audibly wet, he hooks his finger inside her, kneading her from within over and over.
Bishop A "Answer honestly. This reaction doesn't sound like a woman who lost her virginity just yesterday, does it? Or are you saying that you were born a slut?"
Eleonora "To say such things! How dare you! I don't have to answer that! Hnn... No... your fingers... are going too fast... Let me go! Please!"
Exposed to the eyes of the bishops, her nipples tortured by them, and even made to urinate for them, Eleonora's body is boiling with the heat of humiliation.
That heat is now further inflamed by the bishop's finger.
As her pink folds are kneaded, waves of pleasure branch out from the pressure on her g-spot.
Eleonora "No...! No, no, no, noooo! I... I...! Ah, ahhh, hhhh!?"
Eleonora realizes that the hot sensations she was made to endure in the distant past are now being revived in her cunt by the bishop's fingers.
If this continues, it could expose her to further sexual shame. Such shame is much different from just having to urinate.
As Eleonora twists her hips frantically, she is almost in tears when the final sentencing is mercilessly pronounced.
Bishop A "If you can't be honest with me, then I'll make you confess."
Eleonora "Kah...! Hahh, hahhhhhh!"
The bishop drives his fingers into the depths of her cunt.
They dive all the way to her cervix despite how fat they are.
Eleonora "Hyah, ahh! Don't touch me there! Please don't grind against me!"
Bishop A "What is the there in question?"
Eleonora "Nghhhh, ungh, nghhhh, nghhh! Hahh, hahhhh, ahhh, t-there... it's my uterus... Ughhhh..."
The bishop continues to torture her cervix.
It's painful in much the same way as if something were trying to claw her innards out.
The kneading and prodding are more than Eleonora can stand, but part of her thinks she wants more done.
Eleonora (Aahh... What... am I thinking!? I have a pure and righteous heart... and then this country forced this out of me...!)
Her humiliation before them continues.
She feels like she should never have been forced to suffer this.
Eleonora "No, no, no! Hahhhhh! Please! Ahh... I beg of you! Enough!"
Tingling, hot, cold, pins and needles, and more sensations well up in her cunt.
Even though she wants to escape, her hips suck the finger in deeper.
Bishop A "Oh? Your womb has descended. It seems to naturally be begging for attention. You are quite the slut masquerading as a lady!"
Eleonora "Nghhh, hhh, hhhhhh!? No, no... This is enough already!!??"
His finger is now driven in all the way to the knuckle.
She can feel them pressing against her uterus.
Her whole lower abdomen lifts up, and Eleonora is driven to climax instantly by the suction produced in her pussy.
Eleonora "Hyahhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhh, no, no, no, no... nooooooooooooooooo!!"
Juices erupt from her crotch.
The bucking of her hips flings droplets of it into the air.
Eleonora "No! Hyaaah! Stop! Please just stop! Hahhh!"
Eleonora screams through her tears.
But like the urine just a moment before, she also has no power to stop this.
Bishop A "Do not hold back, Eleonora. You must let it out."
Eleonora "Nghhhhhhhh! Nooooo, ahhhhhhh... nahhhhhhh!"
Her folds and cunt clamp down on the bishop's finger.
He continues to knead her cunt as she twitches and screams.
Eleonora "Hahhh, ngh, hahh, hahh, ahhhh..."
Bishop A "Though you refuse to confess, I believe we have seen enough to conclude that you are not worthy of the clergy and are merely a slut and sinner."
Eleonora "That is... Uhh... I... Hnn... I..."
The bishop announces in a condescending voice, licking off the pussy juice that soaks his wrist.
Eleonora can only shake her head weakly in contest.
............
......
...
#04_ele003
Eleonora "Oh, Goddess... I pray for your forgiveness..."
Today, she is still under house arrest. She undergoes penance in her chamber.
It has been several days since she was molested by the bishops. During that time, Eleonora's body has been repeatedly tortured.
Each time, Eleonora feels a rush of heat that she has never wished to feel.
She knocked on the church's door when she was still a girl, and she has lived a life of purity ever since.
Eleonora "Please give me... the strength to overcome my weak heart and lust!"
While praying, Eleonora tries hard to drive away the abominable memories that well up.
The incident led her to knock on the door of the Church. The words are thrown at her by that man...
The incident, which she thought she had already forgotten and gotten over, has been dredged up in the wake of the bishops' inquisition against her.
Eleonora "I walk the path that the Goddess has laid out for me... To tend to those in suffering and to be a beacon of hope and good for those lost astray."
Eleonora recalls those she has helped.
An old man bedridden by illness. Prostitutes suffering from men's violence. Children in need of food.
She took them by the hand, shared her warmth, and met their weary faces with a gentle smile.
She always put her efforts into her service with sincerity. She put her whole heart into it.
Eleonora "I will continue to serve the poor and the needy. Oh, Goddess, please guide me down this path..."
Eleonora folds her hands together and prays to the goddess Larentia for Eleonora had dedicated her body to Larentia in order to save people.
Eleonora "General Derek, how is my church and her congregation?"
Thanks to her prayers, Eleonora has regained her composure without succumbing to humiliation and is reassessing what she should do.
She must serve the wayward.
Eleonora has renewed her belief that this was the only way to live her life.
Derek had not visited her in days, but that is why she asks him with the same strong will in her eyes as when she was first captured.
Derek gives Eleonora a wry smile.
Derek "What does it matter to you what is going on at that church? Eleonora, it seems that you are not fully aware that you are a sinner for having communicated with the enemy."
Eleonora "I was not wrong to contact Lady Iris. It was necessary for both aiding the needy and addressing the need for correcting this nation."
Derek "To what ends? Now the both of you are captives of the Service Nation."
Eleonora "I accept that as another trial the Goddess has given me."
Derek "Hmm... A trial you say?"
His words are heavy with mockery.
Eleonora is indeed indignant at this tone of disrespect for her Goddess.
Still, Eleonora speaks quietly and forcefully.
Eleonora "If you want to judge me, judge me all you want. But whatever the punishment, it will not change my beliefs."
Eleonora "For this body and this heart are dedicated to the Goddess and to the poor."
Although she is in a position with less freedom than a caged bird, Eleonora's resolve is unwavering.
No matter how they twist her body or place coals on her searing skin, through prayer, she believes she can persevere.
Derek "I guess the sermons of your dear friends had little sway over you."
Eleonora "Tch..."
Eleonora's cheeks blush as she realizes how her body responded to their simulations.
But instantly Eleonora's breath, heart rate, and the flush of her face return to their normal status.
Derek "Very well. I will not let your yearning to serve the less fortunate go unanswered. I shall grant you this wish."
Eleonora "Huh?"
Eleonora is at a loss for words as she blinks at Derek.
A shiver runs down her spine.
With a cold, vicious smile on his face, Derek comes up to Eleonora.
Derek "Eleonora, you have no idea what it's like to be human, and I will take this opportunity to make you see it with your own eyes."
Derek lights up with contempt and indignation.
Eleonora shirks away from the lumbering malevolence before her.
Derek "What's the matter? You're happy to meet the poor bastards, aren't you?"
Eleonora "O-Of course..."
She smiles weakly and tries to straighten her spine as she replies.
Then Derek does an about-face and leads Eleonora out of the chamber.
Eleonora (It seems this place never changes...)
As soon as she steps into the slums, she is hit with the stench of piss and rot.
But to Eleonora, now even this unpleasant smell is somehow nostalgic.
She prefers this to being surrounded by perverted men and their desires.
This is a place that Eleonora frequented.
There are many commoners who recognize her but flee at the sight of the soldiers marching alongside her.
Eleonora "Where... are we going to go today? And what would you have me do?"
Eleonora asks this of Derek as he leads the way.
There are many things she would like to do.
First and foremost is visiting the sick and injured. Next, the soup kitchen. She is also concerned about the condition of the children.
She may not have time for all of that, but she wants to do all that she can.
Derek stops and looks back at her, breaking her chain of thought.
Derek "Hmm... I suppose here is about right. Hey!"
Soldier A "Sir!"
Eleonora "What are you doing? No, let go of me! Aah!"
The soldiers surrounding Eleonora move at Derek's command.
Eleonora is quickly stripped of her clothes and bound by hand and foot.
Then they throw her into a barrel.
Eleonora "General Derek! What on earth is...!?"
Derek "Today, we will see for ourselves how deeply rooted your faith is."
At Derek's words, the soldiers drag her along hastily.
#04_ele004h_ele04
Eleonora "Huh? Ouch! What are you...?"
Bewildered, Eleonora is tossed out into the slum street, not knowing what Derek's intentions are.
Then she hears the sound of many footsteps approaching.
Hobo A "Oh, it really is Eleonora."
Hobo B "We haven't seen you in so long! We were worried!"
Eleonora "Why are... you...?"
The people crowding around her are the same needy that she had tended to when they were ill or hungry.
Eleonora breathes a sigh of relief at the sight of familiar faces.
There, she remembers her own appearance and quickly tries to hide her breasts, but the restraints prevent her from doing so.
The vagrants, perhaps trying to be gentlemen, avoid looking at Eleonora, but they sometimes peep at her cleavage.
Hobo A "Oh, forgive me... but... what is going on? Why are you like this?"
Eleonora "Well, you see... I don't actually know either."
She bends to try to conceal herself while she answers.
Eleonora "I hate to be a bother... but can you... help me out of this barrel?"
The soldiers are out of sight. It seems as if she could escape if she could get out of her restraints.
Hobo A "Of course! It's no bother at all. You shouldn't be in such... uhh, garb... Let's getcha out of that."
Hobo B "Hey, hey. Look at the sign on the back."
Then, one of the vagrants jabs at another with his elbow.
Hobo A "Eh? What does it say?"
A grin spreads across the vagrant's mouth as he checks the words on the sign.
Following suit, the first vagrant begins to smile somewhat disgustingly.
Eleonora "Hn... uhh... What does it... say?"
A bad premonition makes her skin crawl.
Unknowingly, Eleonora has twisted to hide more skin.
Hobo A "Heheh eh, don'tcha worry at all, Miss Eleonora. We don't mind helpin' you out one bit."
Eleonora "Uhh... What exactly... do you mean?"
Hobo B "You wrote the sign on your back, didn't you? You want to serve us until that barrel is full of piss or jizz."
Hobo A "And you won't leave that barrel 'til then, eh?"
Eleonora "What?"
She thinks she has misheard, but the vagrant's vulgar laughter tells her otherwise.
Eleonora (I'm stuck in this barrel... until I fill it... with piss or jizz?)
Eleonora blinks in confusion as this situation is beyond her wildest imagination.
Hobo B "Since Miss Eleonora insists so strongly, of course, we will spare no effort to help you. I will be happy to let you serve."
Hobo A "It's a great chance for me to repay my debt of gratitude to you, Eleonora. You have always been so kind to me."
The vagrants stare at Eleonora's skin and breasts with an unabashedly lecherous gaze, a far cry from how they had just been.
Then one of the vagrants stands in front of Eleonora.
Hobo A "Well then, Lady Eleonora. Shall we?"
Eleonora "Huh!? What... are you... Hnn... Oh, no! Stop!"
The vagrant presses his erection to Eleonora's face.
His cock stinks of rotten sweat and is covered in shame stains. When he rubs it against her skin, it stains it with a foul ooze.
Eleonora shudders at the horror, the smell, and the heat emitted by the dong.
Hobo A "Stop, you say? Why I'm only here to help you fill this barrel with jizz!?"
Eleonora "Upff... pfff... St-Stop. That help is... Ngh..."
The vagrant rubs the grime from his cock on her face.
She feels nauseous from the filth being spread on her face.
The vagrant still doesn't stop, and Eleonora, as expected, lifts her eyes and scolds him strongly.
Eleonora "How dare you!? Did I not say stop!?"
Hobo A "No, no, this is the reward for all your kindness to us, Miss Eleonora. I have no choice but to help you."
Hobo A "Besides, your very own sign says how much you want to serve us."
The vagrant is still formally polite in his words but follows up by grabbing Eleonora's head, and with a giggle, thrusts his cock into her mouth.
Eleonora "Nghhhh!? Bmff, hghhhh!"
The wretched flavor of the cock raping her mouth drives Eleonora to scream.
Her tongue stiffens in shock, and she tries desperately to pull away from his cock.
Hobo A "Woah, incredible! I'm in Miss Eleonora's mouth! Hahahahahahahahah! It's so wet and warm!"
Eleonora "Gbfff!? Blch, bgl, bfff, bnghh!? Nghhh, bpfff, bahhh!"
He cackles as he begins to thrust his hips.
Her mouth overflows with saliva pouring over the rod between her lips.
The suction of her tiny mouth on his cock is audibly in time with the pace of his thrusts.
Eleonora (My throat is in agony! I'm going to throw up... It's too deep, and it tastes like hell!)
She leans back to escape the cock in her mouth, opening her lips wide.
Her senses are overrun with fear as she feels the details of his shaft in her maw.
Her saliva overflows with echoing slurps, dripping onto her now shimmering tits.
She prays that this will be over soon.
Then, as if he has heard the prayer, the vagrant looks down at Eleonora and smiles.
Hobo A "Hahh, don't worry. I'll cum for ya! I'm gonna cum all over you right now!"
Eleonora (C-Cum...? Really...?)
Eleonora "Bghhh, gpfff, blchhhhh! Nghhhhhhh, nghhhhhh!"
Before she realizes it, the vagrant quickens his rhythm.
Eleonora writhes in agony as her mouth is assaulted by the swelling cock.
Then the vagrant suddenly withdraws his cock.
Spllllrrrt! Gshhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Naaahh!? Hyaaah! Hnnggahh... khff... uhhnn!?"
A large amount of white fluid shoots from his throbbing, pulsating cock.
The shot lands on her brow and drips down her face.
Eleonora "Pahhhhh! Eh, gack... pah! Ahhh... nghhh, mmmm!"
His jizz even sprays into her agonized mouth.
She chokes on the overwhelming bitterness.
His cock flails and shoots off more spunk all about her.
Splllllrrrt, bshhhh! Gshhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Ahhhhhh, nghhh, kfnghhhh...! Nghh, pahhh, hahhh... nahhhhhhh!"
The cloudy spunk clings to her face and obscures her vision.
Eleonora shudders at the sensation, and the vagrant handles his cock with his own hand, trying to get every last drop out of it and onto her face.
Eleonora "Pah, bah, gah... gack, kaff, ngh, pah... pah, ahh, pahhhh..."
She coughs repeatedly because jizz blocks her nose and mouth.
Her face is covered in spunk, and the smell of it is so thick that it is hard to breathe.
Eleonora "Hahh, ngh, hahh... Uh, why...?"
Hobo A "You wanted to serve, did you not? You asked for our help, right? You want to serve us until you fill that barrel with jizz, right?"
Eleonora "No, not... like that... This is not my wish at all... Hnn..."
To begin with, collecting a barrel full of cum is unrealistic.
Despite her frown, the vagrants in line are cheery indeed.
Hobo A "I really wanted you to drink my cum, but I shot you in the face. You should be thankful for my donation."
Hobo B "No, no, it's an honor to be served by Miss Eleonora, facial or otherwise! I've thought that for a long time."
Eleonora "You... looked at me... with those eyes...?"
Eleonora laments, her voice trembling.
When she raises her head, she sees that she is surrounded by vagrants.
She knows them all. She's taken care of them.
They want to thank her for all she's done. The vagrants line up before her. It's a sight to behold.
Hobo B "Thus, I am grateful to aid you in your work."
Eleonora "Uhff... hnn... uhh... That's..."
Another swollen cock is thrust toward her.
The new cock stinks as bad as the last.
Eleonora "Oh, Goddess, please no... Don't put..."
Hobo B "Oh, I cannot bear that look on your face!"
The vagrant trembles with excitement as Eleonora prays.
In his lustful state of mind, he grabs Eleonora's head roughly and thrust his cock into her mouth without hesitation.
Eleonora "Nghhh! Bah, bahhhh...! Mahh... hbffff!"
The smegma clinging to his cock is wiped off on the lining of her mouth.
Eleonora (Uhgghh... This taste... is so bitter... and rancid... It makes me sick!)
She so fears the rotting flavor in her mouth that tears fall from her widely open eyes.
The sight of Eleonora like this also stimulates the vagrant's sadistic desire to rape her.
Hobo B "Don't pout, Miss Eleonora! I'll spray that jizz clean from your face!"
Eleonora "Huh?"
Not knowing what he means, she looks up at the vagrant with her mouth wide open before his cock.
Hobo B "Now, to grant Miss Eleonora her wish!"
Pshhh! Pshhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Bah, bhhh! Gbfff! Bahhh, bmghhhh!?"
As soon as the vagrant pulls out his cock, his body shakes, and suddenly piss is sprayed in her face.
In an instant, the odor surrounding Eleonora is replaced by the strong smell of piss.
Eleonora "Piss... in my... mouth...!? Hyah, hyahhhhh!"
Eleonora (Pissing? On my face? So filthy! So dirty! No!)
She tries to bend her neck to escape from the stream of piss.
But all it takes is for the vagrant to adjust the angle of his cock slightly, and Eleonora's face is soon bathed in piss again.
Eleonora "Guhh!? Hnnmff, bhnnnbb!"
Even though she desperately tries to keep her mouth closed, perhaps because of the intense momentum, piss seeps in through her lips.
Eleonora (It reeks... The taste is awful... I feel... like I'm going to puke... Waah... hahh...)
The smell is so strong that it almost numbs her tongue and makes her gag.
Hobo B "Hahah! Miss Eleonora is crying in joy for my piss!"
He laughs as he pisses on her.
Eleonora "Uhh... paaahh... hah! N-No! That's... Mghhhh!"
After urinating, the vagrant thrusts his cock into Eleonora's mouth again without wiping off a single drop.
The pungent smell bites into her nose, causing tears to ooze out of the corners of her eyes.
Hobo B "See? Your face is all clean, huh? Now, you can work my cock right, can't ya?"
Eleonora "Nghhh, pahhh... T-That's... Uhhh... Please stop..."
The first vagrant doused her with cum, and the second followed by pissing on her face.
Moreover, she is being shamed by vagrants who should have more respect for her.
Too much has happened for her sense of reason to catch up. Even her body, shoved into a cramped barrel with her hands bound behind her back, needs rest.
Hobo B "Oh well, I guess there ain't nothin' to do 'bout it. Just stay you put right there, Miss Eleonora."
Eleonora "Huh? Stay?"
Her eyes ask him what he means.
Eleonora shudders, acknowledging the sadistic smile on his face.
Eleonora "Ohhhhhhhhh! Bahhh! Ughhhh! Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, nghhhh!!"
Eleonora's screams and the sound of sticky juices being pushed about layer on top of one another.
The vagrant starts raping her mouth like it was a more accommodating hole.
Eleonora "Oh, hnghh, mahhh! Abghhh, gbfff, sllllrrrp! Pghhhh!"
Hobo B "Hooh, fucking best shit ever! I always wanted to know what fucking Miss Eleonora would be like!"
The vagrant drills the back of Eleonora's throat with his cock. It is so swollen it looks like it is about to burst.
He rubs the head of his cock on the back of her throat to wipe away the smegma.
Odor, bitterness, and intense nausea strike Eleonora.
There is a feeling that something in her stomach is going up her esophagus, and Eleonora gulps it down in a hurry.
Still, the oozing gastric juices bring a sour taste to her mouth, and the back of her ears ring in pain.
Eleonora "Nghhhhh, gbffff! Stop, bah... bhhh, gbfff! Bahhhh! Pahhh, hbffff! Nghhh, bahhh... Stop!"
Hobo B "What are you whining about? I'm the one who's letting you do the work that you desire!"
Eleonora "Bahhhh... gffff! Bfff, bghhh, gbffff!"
Her throat is gouged and the contents of her stomach almost ascend.
When it gets close to her throat, the cock is thrust deep into her throat as if pushing back the vomit.
Eleonora "Gbffff! Bahhh... bahhh! Bffff... bmmmmm!"
Saliva spills from the corners of her mouth and tears spill from her eyes.
The vagrant thrusts his hips more and more violently as he skull fucks Eleonora.
Hobo B "Oh, fuck! I'm gonna... I'm gonna blow my load!"
The vagrant thrust his meat stick deeper than ever while crying out.
Her throat burns.
Then, he pulls out his cock.
Spllllrrrrt! Gshhhh! Bshhhh, bshhhh, bshhhhh!")
Eleonora "Pahhhh, aughhh, nghhhhh! No, mmm, mghhhh! Unghhh, nghhh, nghhhhhh!"
The vagrant cums with such force that it comes close to when he was urinating earlier.
Sloppy, viscous white fluid, much thicker than his piss, hits Eleonora's face like a torrential downpour.
The smell of the piss remaining in her mouth is overwritten by the fresh smell of the jizz that seeps in through her nose and mouth.
Eleonora "Nghhh, nbfff, hhhh, hhh, hahhh...!"
She can hardly breathe because of the rate that the cum is showering her.
If her mouth is even slightly open, it will be filled with jizz.
Hobo B "Come on, look up! What are you doing, running away? Come on!"
Eleonora "Ngh, nghhhh... hahhhh! Gfff, bhhh... bghhh? Nghhh, nahhh, hahhhhhhh!"
The cum sticks to her skin and is so thick that it even blocks her nose, and she can't help but open her mouth.
Eleonora's mouth is filled with cum as she shudders and screams.
Eleonora "Hnn... Hahh... Hna... Hn... Ahh... Ukh... Ahh... Enough... Stop... Please..."
The vagrant finishes cumming and squeezes out the last of the cum still remaining at the tip of his hard cock against Eleonora's lips.
Eleonora's body shudders at the acidic taste on her tongue.
Cum sways from the tip of her nose.
Hobo B "I am grateful to Eleonora for all she has done for me. If I can repay her with cum, it's a small price to pay."
The other vagrants in line nod in agreement.
Hobo C "Miss Eleonora has helped so many of us! I'm sure we can come together and help you get that barrel filled!"
Hobo D "Since pissing is okay too, I'm sure we can do this in no time, Miss Eleonora, hahahahahah!"
Eleonora "No way... You can't be serious..."
Eleonora looks to the vagrants around her for help.
They are the vagrants Eleonora once helped.
These vagrants are now surrounding Eleonora, revealing their lust.
There are no guards and no locks on the barrel.
No one will help her even if she asks for it.
One vagrant stares at Eleonora with a lowly smile. Any respect there had been for her before is gone.
Eleonora (They have to know how I feel, right?)
As one would expect, Eleonora's heart is frozen.
But Eleonora gives a small shake of her cum-soaked head.
Eleonora (No... They must be crazed... overcome with temporary insanity... and lust... losing all reason... Surely, they will...)
Hobo C "Come on, Miss Eleonora. Won't you do me next?"
Eleonora (This is also a test from the Goddess... to forgive the weak... and offer aid...)
Eleonora "I understand... I will serve you..."
Eleonora tries her best to cheer herself up and extends her tongue to the next cock.
However, Eleonora's faith is not enough, and she continues to be forced to serve the vagrant's desires endlessly.
Even after several days, nothing changes.
Hobo M "You'll be takin' care o'me today."
Eleonora "Hah... ngh, hahh..."
First thing in the morning, a cock is suddenly thrust at her again.
Yesterday, indeed, she was made to suck several cocks and bathed in cum until the sun went down. She was also pissed on many times.
Eleonora was not allowed to clean her body, so it remains soiled with the juices that the vagrants showered her with.
Eleonora is not the only thing that is dirty, of course.
The barrel is filling to the rim with the cum from all the vagrants.
There is so much that her every movement is audible.
Eleonora "Uh... upff... hahh, hahh, ngh..."
Sucking filthy cocks, being bathed in piss, and the spoiling fluids sting her sinuses.
She has no idea how she has survived thus far.
Hobo M "Heh, heh, heh, I'm sorry for the trouble, Miss Eleonora."
The words don't match his action at all as he starts to rub his cock on her face without holding back.
White streaks of smegma and cum stain her cheeks as her body trembles.
Eleonora (What... in the world am I doing...?)
She fed these men food when they were hungry.
She nurses the ill man.
She clothed the naked.
And yet, this is her treatment.
Eleonora (Of course, I wasn't hoping for a reward at all... but this...)
Tears begin to spill as the vagrant smiles at her vulgarly.
There is no love for Eleonora anywhere. Only the faces of men who think only of satisfying their own desires.
She wanted to correct this country. She wanted to let them know that the Service Nation is wrong.
That is why she reached out to those who suffer in the shadow of the prosperity of the Service Nation.
And yet...
Hobo M "Well then, Miss Eleonora. Wanna get to it?"
Eleonora "Yes... let me serve... your cock..."
Eleonora gently lowers her eyes, and as if in resignation, she voluntarily brings her lips to his cock.
Eleonora "Sckkkk... lckkkk... kfff, pahhh..."
Her extended tongue meets the head of his cock, and the flavor of his smegma stains her soul.
The vagrant laughs at Eleonora for reflexively coughing.
Hobo M "I'm really sorry. I have such a dirty dick. I'm sorry, Eleonora."
Eleonora "Muah, sckkk... lckkkk... nah, hahh... nghh... pah, hahh, it's okay... Nah, hahh... lckkkk, lckkk, lckkk..."
Her tongue twirls around the unwashed head of his cock, mixing its slime with saliva.
Her mouth is occupied with gruesome tastes, and she swallows through tears, extending her tongue to wipe off the crud again.
Hobo M "Oh, I love your service, Miss Eleonora... But may I ask you to lick the ridge more? Oh, yes, there... Heheheh..."
Eleonora "Like... this? Sckkkk... sckkkk... muah... sllllrrrrp..."
As the vagrant requested, she licks the ridge of the head of his cock.
The cock throbs gleefully and leaks precum.
He then pats her head lightly like a dog.
Eleonora "Sckkkkk... sckkkk, lckkk, lckkkkk... hahh, muah... sckkkk..."
Eleonora (If I can make... people happy by doing even this... I... I'll do this...)
With such thoughts in her mind, she moves her tongue around while watching the vagrant's reaction.
Finally, she licks off and swallows all of the smegma that has stuck so abundantly to his cock.
Eleonora "Pahhhhh... ngh, kffffff..."
She can't stand the sickening stench that seems to be coming out of her own stomach, and her head starts to spin.
But yesterday she fully understood that this is only the beginning.
Hobo M "Oh, thank you. My cock's all cleaned up. Now, how about I bless you with my load next?"
Eleonora "Ngh... hahh, hahh, yes... understood..."
Eleonora looks up at the vagrant and opens her mouth wide.
Eleonora "Ngbfff, bff, gbfff! Ugh, ngh, muah, sckkkkk!"
He doesn't let her suck him off. He starts to fuck her face instead.
She has started to get used to the act of having her throat raped, but she is hit with a powerful gag reflex.
She manages to take the cock in as the vagrant thrusts.
Eleonora "Sckkkkk, sllllrrrp, sckkkk...! Bah, muah, muah, sckkkk!"
Her throat constricts on his cock as she slurps up the fluids causing moans of pleasure to escape from the vagrant.
In order to get it over with as quickly as possible, Eleonora makes use of the sexual skills she has been taught recently.
Eleonora "Slllllrrrrp! Slllllrrrrrp! Sllllllrrrrrrrp, slllllrrrrrp!"
The vagrant's pleasure is heightened by the sight of Eleonora serving him while drooling from the corner of her mouth.
Hobo M "Hoohh... It is true! Miss Eleonora is the best! Heheheh!"
The vagrant also opens his mouth sloppily and drools.
The vagrant smacks his tongue and begins to fuck Eleonora's throat deeper, thrusting his hips even harder.
Eleonora "Bfffff! Ughhh! Gbffff! Nghhh, ughhhhh... sckkkk!"
There is nothing she can do to lick or suck as he thrusts. She just has to open wide and take it.
She is suffocated in pain as tears spill down her cheeks.
But Eleonora serves selflessly to give him temporary pleasure.
Eleonora "Lckkk... gbffff! Nghhh, bfff, pahhh, sckkkk...! Nghhh, sckkk, sckkkk, sckkkk!"
Hobo M "Ahhhh, Miss Eleonora!"
The vagrant's cock swells up in her mouth.
The vagrant pulls his cock out strongly, saying that he cannot stand it anymore.
Spllllrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhhhhh, bshhhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Bahhhhh! Nghhhh, kffff... nghhhh, ungh, pahhh... nghhhhhhh!"
The vagrant spurts out his cum as if he were pouring out his emotions.
Her cum-soaked face is again sprayed from above. The smell of spunk is so fresh that it makes her want to vomit.
Eleonora "Pahhhh, hghhh, nghhhh...! Ahhhh, nahhh, hahh, abfff... nghhhh! Pahhh, ngh, gffff!? Mmmmm...!"
Partially resigned, she turns her face up to catch the vagrant's cum.
Then again, the vagrant sprays white spunk on her.
Eleonora closes her eyes and accepts it.
Eleonora "Muah... sckkkk, lckkk, muah... sckkkk, ngh, sckkk... sckkkk... ahhhhh..."
She starts cleaning up after him without a word.
She licks off the cum residue on his rod and exhales a breath that smells like the stale juice itself.
Hobo M "Hehe, you were even better than I imagined, Miss Eleonora. With this, I think you could make a fine whore, don't you?"
Eleonora "Ngh, lckkk, lckkk... muah, sckkk, ngh, lckkk, lckkk..."
Her shoulders quiver at his words.
Eleonora, however, says nothing back and continues cleaning the vagrant's cock.
There is already a long line behind the man.
She knows that everyone sees her only as a sex object.
And so, once again, Eleonora continues to serve the vagrant's cocks throughout the day.
They care not for her feelings. They just use her like a cum dumpster, showering her with cum and piss.
The next day...
Eleonora "Gbfff... nbghhhhhhh! Gpfff, sckkk, sckkkk...!"
Eleonora continues to be forced to serve the men sexually from her foul-smelling barrel.
Nobody has cleaned the barrel, so it is filled with cum, and the murky juices are building up in the barrel until it reaches Eleonora's waist.
Being left in there has left her fatigued both physically and mentally.
She can no longer move on her own, and her mouth is being raped as she lay there passively.
The vagrant does not even try to hide his displeasure toward Eleonora despite the fact that she has taken care of him so much up to now.
Hobo Q "I told you to suck more!"
Eleonora "Ngbfff, muah, sckkk, sckkk...!"
Hobo Q "You're so useless. You've been talking so much, you know that?"
Eleonora "Gbfff! Sckkk! Sckkk, sckkkkkkkkk!"
He thrusts his cock into her so hard that her head shakes and jolts.
Eleonora's face is contorted in anguish, but she is left to do as she is told.
Hobo Q "Hey, come the fuck on! I'm trying to get off with you! That's a compliment!"
The vagrant rambles as he thrusts his hips into her.
Splllllrrrt! Gshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Nghhhh, kfnghhh, nghhhh! Pah, bahhhh... ughhhh, bahhhhh!"
The vagrant pulls his cock from Eleonora's lips and sprays cum on her face.
Even though the cum thickly clings to her face, she can feel the heat and the smell of it.
Agonizingly, she swallows the white fluid that darts in between her lips.
Eleonora "Abffff... nghhh, nghhhh... bahhh, hbfff, nghhh! Bahhh, mmmmm!"
The vagrant's cum never abates. It even paints Eleonora's face white.
Hobo Q "Whew, that felt good. Hey, I gave you cum, how about a thank you?"
Unable to muster the energy to resist due to fatigue, Eleonora obeys meekly.
Eleonora "Hahh... E-Excuse me... Thank you... so much... for all of your cum..."
Hobo Q "No. Say it hotter."
Eleonora "Y-Your... splllrrrt... cum is... all down my throat..."
Hobo Q "Say thank you for... using your mouth... no, your cum dumpster."
Eleonora "Hahkh... Thank you... for using... my cum... dumpster..."
The next day...
Hobo U "See, isn't it delicious, Miss Eleonora? See, how do you like it?"
Eleonora "Muah... muah, sllllrrrp, sckkkk..."
The cock inserted into her mouth is mechanically sucked.
She simply takes the cock into her mouth as if she has already forgotten about any other action.
She can hear fluids splatting into the barrel at the same time.
More than half of her body is soaking in rotten spunk and piss.
The smell is so foul that everyone around her would normally shy away.
Hobo U "Oh, I can't believe it. Miss Eleonora... you're sucking my very own cock. Fuck yeah!"
The vagrant's body grows rigid in pleasure as he turns his head to the sky.
A vagrant passing by smiles at him.
Hobo D "How are you doing that? She's so filthy, how are you even hard right now?"
Hobo U "She said to never forget the true beauty of a person is in their heart even if they are only wearing rags. So, I won't stop using her just because she's filthy."
He laughs with his cock still in Eleonora's mouth.
In reality, however, Eleonora's body is soiled to the point that her stench would make one plug their nose.
Still, the vagrant rapes her mouth.
Hobo U "Oh! Oh! I'm gonna cum! I'm cumming for you, Miss Eleonora!"
Eleonora "Gbfff, muah, sckkkkk! Sckkkkkk!"
The vagrant selfishly uses his hips to fuck Eleonora's throat.
He again rubs his cock without hesitation against the red and swollen membrane of her throat. It is so swollen because it has been continuously raped and abused.
Hobo U "Hah! Here I go!"
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhh, bshhh! Bshhhh, bshhhhh!")
Eleonora "Nghhh, nahhhh! Bffff... bffff! Ugh, pahh, mahhhh!"
The white spunk spurting from his cock slaps Eleonora in the face and splashes off of the filthy juice in the barrel.
The white, muddy surface of the liquid is slightly bubbling with a crackling sound.
Hobo U "Hahh! There we go! Aren't you happy, packed in there with so much cum? Tell me how happy you are, Miss Eleonora!"
Eleonora "Ngbfff, bah!? Gmmmmmm!"
The vagrant presses his cock against Eleonora's cheeks and lips and directly sprays her with his white spunk.
Eleonora "Hahh... hhh... thanks... so much..."
Eleonora is forced to indulge in his selfish climax, her body twitching as it soaks in the sludge-like white juices.
After that, she continues to serve the vagrants as she is soaked to her soul in rancid spunk.
The vagrants don't care about Eleonora at all. They just use her as they desire.
And...
Eleonora "Ahh... uhh... hahh..."
The smell of rot is thick around Eleonora, and flies are buzzing around her.
A week has passed since Eleonora was first put in the barrel.
The inside of the barrel is already filled to the edge with rotting, overflowing fluids up to the edge.
Eleonora's once glamorous lips are now cracked, and her eyes, which once held a strong will, have turned vacant and have lost their luster.
The cum she was forced to drink to overcome her hunger sticks in her throat, and she can no longer speak.
Her consciousness is simply a fog, and she can think no more.
Then another vagrant comes along.
Derek "You look splendid, Lady Eleonora. Truly, the face of a woman of the Service Nation."
Eleonora "Huh?"
It is the man who cast her into this hell, Derek. He looks down at her and smiles sarcastically.
Derek "I'm sure you were happy to be able to reach the people you care so much about. You should be grateful."
Eleonora "Uh... hah... ahh..."
Eleonora looks up at the huge lumbering figure standing before her with empty eyes.
She has no idea why she's in this situation or how long she's been in it.
Even that is already a vague blur in Eleonora's mind.
............
......
...
#04_ele005
Eleonora "............"
Looking down from her castle window, Eleonora's heart sinks even darker than the cloudy sky over the city.
She spent a week in the slums as a jizz dumpster.
She slept three whole days and nights to recover from the exhausting ordeal.
It is not until another week later that she is able to get up.
That is how great the shock Eleonora received in mind and body.
Eleonora "What has been the meaning... of my life thus far?"
In a weak voice, she mutters quietly to herself.
Certainly, she had not been taking care of them expecting anything in return.
But even so, it was a shock that no one was willing to help her, rather, they raped her as an object of their perverse desires.
Eleonora "Only the heart is pure in life..."
She has repeated this so many times.
She has preached the beauty found in helping others to the slum dwellers. They were despondent, desperate, and with no options to take care of themselves.
And yet, she was treated like she was.
Eleonora "No... I cannot blame them. They have been corrupted by the perversity of the Service Nation."
As she mutters, Eleonora clasps her hands together at her chest.
Eleonora "Please forgive me for my weakness that I almost blamed... them... for the weakness of the human heart..."
Eleonora bows her head deeply and prays to the Goddess.
Derek "Hn? You still reek of piss. How deep has that stench sunk in?"
Eleonora "Hmf..."
Derek has not visited her in a long time. He sniffs at her with a deliberate twitch of his nose and speaks with a sly smile.
Eleonora's cheeks are hot with shame and anger.
But she swallows her pride and speaks to Derek.
Eleonora "You didn't come all this way to just say that, did you?"
Derek "You are correct. I'm a busy man indeed. But I did want to ask you how it feels to have been reunited with those you so dearly wished to serve?"
Derek looks down at Eleonora like a floundering jester.
She grits her teeth, and after taking a deep breath, she looks straight up at Derek.
Eleonora "It was a difficult experience. I am grateful to be able to know the weakness and fragility of people's hearts."
Derek "It makes all the arrangements worthwhile then."
Derek takes Eleonora's resolute gaze and her words with a diminutive smile.
She is at a loss for words trying to think of a response that Derek has not already conceived of.
Derek "The vagrants of the slums were so overwhelmed by your work it brought them to tears. Why had you not served them that way before?"
Eleonora "That's... I... Hmm..."
Realizing that she is stuttering, Eleonora quickly shuts her mouth.
She feels pressured to retort but can't form words from her feelings.
So Derek continues.
Derek "For all you've done, you have inspired the people. They are waiting for the chance to pleasure you next time."
Eleonora "Huh? That... That is not necessary..."
She wraps her arms around herself and shirks away at the image of the vagrants in her mind.
But that distance is closed with a single step.
Derek "Don't be mistaken. You have no say in the matter. You must follow my orders."
Eleonora "Hmf..."
Derek "Fret not. I'm not asking you to be weighed down by random men. Aren't there others in the slums you care about?"
Eleonora "Uhh... That's..."
Of course, there is.
Her mind turns to the women and children.
Derek "I hear they miss you. They want to know that you've been taken good care of."
Eleonora "............"
Unsure of his intentions, Eleonora stiffens in alarm.
But if he were to ask her whether she wants to see them or not, of course, she does.
However, it is hard to say that this is a situation that can be welcomed with open arms because of what happened with the vagrants in the slums.
Derek "It's good that you haven't lost your resolve. But you still have no say in the matter."
Eleonora "I... I know..."
Derek laughs at her, and Eleonora nods with frustration.
Whore A "It's been a long time, Eleonora!"
Eleonora "A long time, indeed..."
She had visited the brothels many times whenever the ladies came down with an illness.
In just one room, she has already seen three familiar faces.
They're working ladies that Eleonora had tended to when ill or abused by an unsavory client.
Though they had not met in a long time, the ladies seem to be doing alright.
Eleonora "How is everyone? If you need help with anything please just ask."
Whore B "Hahahaha... as usual, huh, Miss Eleonora?"
Eleonora "Huh?"
Whore C "You've come all the way down here so you don't have to talk like that."
Eleonora feels a chill run down her spine, and her expression hardens as she recalls the malicious smiles of the vagrants after she had been taking care of them all these years.
An older prostitute intercedes, but her eyes seem to have a look of lechery in them that is different from the malice in the others.
Confused, Eleonora steps back.
Three people come around there with different smiles on their faces.
One is innocent, one is resentful, and one is intoxicated with dark desires.
Whore A "General Derek told us we have to take care of you. Make sure you feel real good."
Whore B "Yeah, we're going to show you a world you've never imagined."
Whore C "Don't worry, I'm sure you'll enjoy yourself so much it'll become a new habit."
Eleonora "Uhh... No... That's... Just please calm yourselves..."
Eleonora raises her arms to try to hold them at bay.
One of the prostitutes gently takes her hand.
Just the slight touch causes Eleonora's skin to crawl.
Whore C "Hahahaha... Don't you think women are better together?"
Eleonora "Ah... that's not..."
Unable to fight back, Eleonora finds herself in the corner being stripped by the three ladies.
#04_ele006h_ele05
Whore A "Woah, your hooter looks like it's never been used at all! Super cute!"
Whore B "Oh really? Then she just used them big ol' titties to keep the men comin' round, eh?"
Whore C "I'm sure Eleonora wouldn't do such a thing. You see, even now, she looks so innocent and frightened..."
Three prostitutes cling to Eleonora after stripping her of her bishop's garb.
Breathing on her bare crotch, fondling her breasts, and whispering in her ear, they cause Eleonora's body to twist in shame.
Eleonora "Oh, why do you do this? Oooh, women doing this to each other... The Goddess forbids... such deeds... Hah... hnng..."
Whore A "Don't worry about that kinda thing. Besides, we've got orders from General Derek himself."
The younger prostitute then reaches a finger into Eleonora's slit.
Eleonora "Ahh... naaah! Ahh... haffhh..."
Suddenly, she gently caresses her vulva without slipping past the crack.
Whore B "Hahahaha... look how happy her pussy is just from touch. I think you might be even hornier than we are..."
Eleonora "Kufhh! N-No... don't touch me! Hah! Uhnnn... huhh... hnnff..."
She's met with a mocking giggle as hands trace her breasts. With a circular motion, a prostitute skates her fingertips around Eleonora's areola.
Pins and needles rush across Eleonora's body as her nipples are pinched.
Eleonora "Hnnff... hahh... hnn... hnn!"
Whore C "Don't be afraid. Please, enjoy yourself... Sckkkk... muah..."
Eleonora "Hahh, uh, ugh... kfff, hahhhh...!"
Eleonora can feel her whispers tickle her earlobe. The whispers are followed by a lick. The hot, wet sensations of which send shivers through Eleonora's core.
She is familiar with the rough touch of a man, but this is her first time knowing the silky skin of a woman.
Whore A "Already gettin' wet, aren't ya? I thought you'd be easy to get off Miss Eleonora."
Eleonora "Hahh...! Kahhh, hahhh, nghhh, ah, ahhh, there... That's, ahhh... not allowed... Nahhh, hahh, hahhhh...!"
As her finger slides over Eleonora's cleft, one can hear how audibly wet she is.
As her fingers gently begin to move up and down to open her, a hot, numbing sensation comes over Eleonora, and she can't stop her hips from moving.
Whore B "How does it feel, Miss Eleonora? To be given such pleasures by one of the whores you so looked down on?"
Eleonora "W-What... are you saying? I have never... looked down on you... Hnngh, nahhh, hahh..."
She teases Eleonora's nipple with her teeth.
The sensation is just too much for Eleonora.
Whore B "I'm sick and tired of you acting so damn coy!"
Eleonora "Nghhhh...! Ahhh, hahhh... nah, ahhh, it hurts...!"
Her nipple is caught between her incisors.
The pain is accompanied by a shocking pleasure that makes her breasts taut.
Whore C "Do you like a little pain, Miss Eleonora? If so, I think we'll get along just fine..."
Eleonora "Kahhhh, ah, ahhh, hhhh...! Nghhh, hahh, ahhh... It hurts, though...!"
The whore grabs onto Eleonora and bites into her shoulder, leaving the indentations of her teeth on the flesh.
Her tongue traces over the throbbing bite mark as it oozes blood.
Without even being an erogenous zone, Eleonora's body trembles.
Whore A "Wow, she just keeps getting wetter. I think she'll cum any second now. Ain't this enough foreplay?"
Whore C "Heh, seems Miss Eleonora can't wait very long, can she? Hahaha..."
Whore A "Well then, Miss Eleonora, we're going to break you in nicely..."
Eleonora "Ngh...!? Hghh, ah, ahhh, why are you...!?"
Something hard and cock like presses against the lips of her pussy.
A dildo that is crafted to be incredibly life-like is produced. Though, it is definitely larger than a real cock.
Sliding it against Eleonora's vulva lubes the dildo nicely.
Eleonora "Khhh, uh, ughhh, ngh... Please, ahhh... you don't need to do that..."
Whore A "Don't you worry. This is one of my favorites... I'm sure you'll enjoy it too."
Eleonora "Nghhhh... ah, ahhhh, it's going in... Ahhh, hahhh, hahh, hahhh... nghhh!"
Her lips part revealing the bud nestled therein.
As she is anticipating it going inside her, the working girl pulls the dildo away from Eleonora's cunt.
With each tease, the sounds of her vulva get louder.
Whore B "Hahahaha... You always preached so piously, so high and mighty. Are you really the same Eleonora from before?"
Eleonora "Nghhh, nghhh, khhh... You... are mistaken... I didn't think I was high and mighty..."
Whore B "Do we not? Do you look down on us and think we're dumb? Don't you realize how humiliating it all is...?"
She laughs shrilly while caressing Eleonora's tits.
She had pitied them, indeed. Eleonora cannot put her words together as the prostitutes point out her arousal.
Whore A "Your sweet little pussy seems to be telling us something... I think she's hungry, don't you?"
Eleonora "Huh? Wait!?"
Shllllp...! Shllllp, shllllllk!")
Eleonora "Nghhh... hahhh, hahh, ah, ahhhh! Ahhh, ahhhhhhhhh!"
The hard, thick dildo is thrust between Eleonora's pussy lips, stretching her wide open.
Her hips jerk as if being prodded with red-hot irons when she feels the rod climbing deeper inside her body.
Eleonora "Hnnn! That's... too thick... Hahh... ahhh... It's way too thick! Heaahh!"
The head of the dildo slides right up to her cervix.
Eleonora shrinks her body to escape as she is hit by sensations of hot sparks.
But the dutiful hands of the working girls know how to react.
Eleonora "Hahh, hahhh, nghh, hahhh... W-Wait please... Just a little..."
Whore B "What are you whining about, Eleonora? I've heard that you usually go crazy when someone puts a bigger dick into you?"
Eleonora "That's... Hnn! I... Hahh... I... Hnn!?"
Whore A "Hmmm, don't be shy, you can moan all you want, Eleonora."
Eleonora "Nahhhh! Khhhhhh... hhh, hahh, hnghhhhh!"
Eleonora's pleas go unanswered as she feels the dildo thrust further into her.
The friction of the hand-made cock inside her ignites the pleasure in her body.
The heat is unbearable, and as she arches her back, the working girls' hands reach out to her swaying, bouncing tits.
Whore B "Hahahahaha... You sing so sweetly, don't you Miss Eleonora?"
Eleonora "Nahhh, ahhh, hnghhhh... hahhh! My breasts... ah, ahhhh!"
The tender touches of just a moment prior return to the familiar roughness that had tortured her so hard before as they squeeze and suck her tits.
The mix of pain and pleasure is unbearable.
Whore A "Hah, you light up so easily. Makes me want to really put my all into my work!"
Eleonora "Hyaah! Hyaaahh... ahh... That's... so deep... No... No! Huhh, hyaah!"
One good thrust prods all the way into her uterus.
As the dildo slides in deeper, Eleonora's whole cunt feels aflame and her hips thrust as she fears she might melt in the heat.
Eleonora "Hfhhhh, ungh, nghhhh... uhhhhh! Ahhhh, please don't grind against my uterus!"
Whore C "Feel it hitting your uterus, don't you? Now it's just going to get more intense."
Whore A "Leave it to us! We'll make you cum so hard!"
The dildo is wildly thrust into Eleonora's cunt, diving into her uterus and loudly sloshing about her pussy juices.
A bite, swift and cruel, clamps down on her erect nipple.
The sharp pleasure rising up collides with the heavy sensation in her cunt at the same time.
Eleonora "Ahhh! No! It's all... too much... I... Uhh! Please... I'm begging you! Hahh!"
Whore B "No way! You're going to cum for us, Miss Eleonora!"
Eleonora "Hnnnnngg! Nhyyaaah!"
The head of the dildo pokes up visibly with each thrust, and as her cunt dribbles, droplets splatter to the floor.
As her uterus is pushed up, sparks of pleasure ignite in her mind.
Eleonora "Ahhhhhhh...! Ahhhh, noooo... I'm cumming! I'm cumming... I'm cummmiiiiinnnnngggg!"
Her vision goes white as her body floats aloft.
Eleonora screams out in a frenzy at the sensation. It is like she's sucked into a whole new realm.
Eleonora "Nahhh, hfff... kffff... nghhh... nahhh, ngh, hahhh... hahhhhh..."
Her body can't keep up and her breathing becomes haggard.
When the dildo is pulled out of her cunt, it remains open and gaped as her pink folds glisten.
Copious white frothy pussy juices overflow as Eleonora gasps loudly.
Whore C "Feel good, don't you? Did you just say that you're cumming?"
Eleonora "Hahh, nghhh, nghhh, hahhh... ah, ahhh... What am I saying...?"
She is at the mercy of their studious hands. Even Eleonora is shocked, she came so quickly.
More shocking to her is these are the same working girls she had taken care of.
Eleonora "Just... why... are you... doing this?"
Eleonora asks weakly, tormented by shame and a greater sense of helplessness.
The three of them answer with smiles.
Whore A "Why? At the request of General Derek! That's why!"
Whore B "Can you think of a better way for us to catch up?"
Whore C "I always wanted to try my hand at you to drive you crazy and to see how far I could push you in the name of pleasure."
They all have different intentions, but their paths are in alignment.
The three of them laugh at Eleonora while one of the working girls pulls out another dildo.
Eleonora "Heyahh!? W-What...? Again? That's impossible..."
Eleonora's lips are knotted in a tearful quiver, and she shakes her head in disgust.
The previous dildo is already far too large in comparison to a human's cock.
The dildo is at least a size larger than that. Moreover, it is not only longer but thicker too.
The head of the dildo is beaded, giving it a rough texture.
Whore A "You'll like the extra sensation from the beads. You'll love it even!"
Eleonora "That's... just way too big... for me... There's no way... it'll fit... Please... no..."
Eleonora makes a desperate plea, but the girls laugh and pay her no heed.
Whore A "Okay, let's get a move on. Ready to try this one on?"
Eleonora "Hahh... Please... listen to what... I'm saying..."
Eleonora "Nghhhh... hahh! Hahh, hahh, hhh... ughhhhhhh!"
The knobby beads on the head disappear between the slit of her folds.
Her pussy squeaks while being stretched open. Each detail of the beads and shape of the dildo are acutely real in Eleonora's mind.
Whore A "I think you like it. Should've been harder to get in, but nope, no trouble at all."
Whore B "Far better than easy! Her pussy just gobbled it up! All that church work must've made her feel needy, huh?"
Eleonora "Nghhhhhhh! Nahhh, hahhh, ughhh, ngh, nghhhhhhhhh...!!"
Unable to answer, Eleonora grunts loudly, her face downcast in pain.
The dildo is pushing up on her uterus.
Even though the sensation is painful and miserable, she remembers the pleasure she felt earlier.
With this bigger, longer, and textured dildo, then surely...
The working girls laugh as though they can read her thoughts.
Whore C "You like it, don't you? Please, don't hold back. Let yourself go completely."
Eleonora shakes in disgust as the working girl whispers in her ear.
But her cunt hungrily squeezes around the dildo and pulls it in deeper.
Shlllllllk! Glchhhhh, blchhhh! Shllllk! Glchhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Nhyahhhhhh! Aghhh, anghhhh, hgyahhhh, aghhh, ahhhhhhhhhh!"
The giant, beaded rod slaps in and out of her gaping cunt.
Then in an instant, the artificial cock is rammed back deep inside her pussy.
Eleonora "Nghhhhh! It's deep! Hahhhh! Ahhh, this is too deep! Ughhhh, gffffffffffff!"
She can feel it pressing the contents of her stomach up to her mouth.
And yet, even the sensation is pleasant though unbearable.
It should be easy for Eleonora to lose herself with the combination of emotional and physical pain.
Yet her hips twist, begging for more.
Whore B "Well, that isn't very polite, now is it? Begging like a bitch, just look at you squirming."
Eleonora "Ahh... No... that's... not true at all! I... I... Hnnn... That's wrong! It doesn't feel good! Heaaahh!"
She tries to deny it even though her hips still show how much her pussy is enjoying the dildo.
Any words she might have tried to mutter get drowned out by the clamor of her wet pussy and moans.
Shivers run up from the tips of her toes as she writhes with pleasure on the rod pounding her cervix.
Eleonora "Hahh... So wrong... No! Hnn... hahh... I... I... Hyaaahh!"
Whore C "Nothing is wrong. Just accept your inner slut."
Shlllllk! Shlllllllk, shllllrrrk! Shllllllllk!")
Eleonora "Nhyyhhnnn! Kuhahh, hahh, hyaah, hahh!"
Despite her gentle tone, she still decimates Eleonora's cunt.
Her pussy is being gaped so hard it would look like it's about to split from anyone's point of view.
Heat and pleasure drive her crazy as her folds are pummeled.
Eleonora "Hahhhhh, ahhhhh, nahhhhh! No, that hard thing is tearing through me! Ahhhhh, I can't take it!"
She fears her mind will dissolve along with her womb.
As the heat of her flesh rages, her grasp on control slips.
Her flesh beads with perspiration, and the three whores cling to her form.
Eleonora "Stop! Stop it! Heahh! This is too weird... Please... I... I'm begging you... Let go!"
Whore C "Hahahahaha, go ahead, let loose. Show us your crazy side."
Whore B "Yes! We want to see the depths of your perversion! That once pompous little Miss Eleonora!"
Eleonora "Hnnngg... So... deep! It's... too much! I'm serious! I... I can't... handle it... Hnnnn!"
Her pussy sprays as the dildo is shoved in.
As they deliver the finishing blow, Eleonora turns her face upward and screams in shock.
Eleonora "Khuaaaaoooo! Huwaaaahh! Hoaaahhoooohh! I'm... I'm... going to cum! Hmmmm!"
Eleonora's cunt feels like it's exploding and she loses control of her screams in the throes of climax.
Her hips spasm in raging convulsions.
A geyser of pussy juice sprays past where she and one of the whores are connected via the dildo.
Eleonora "Hhh, hhhhhhh! I'm cumming again...! Ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhh, I feel it, ahhhhhhhh!"
Eleonora "I'm cumming! Nhaaahh! Don't... Don't stop! It... It feels too good! Oh, Goddess, don't stop! Hoaaahh!"
She is engulfed in her orgasm as though swallowed whole by some prehistoric beast.
Eleonora "Nahhhh... hahh, ahhhh, ah, ahhh, ahh... ngh, nahhh, hahh, ahhh... hahh, kff..."
Even as the dildo is withdrawn, Eleonora's body is still twitching in the aftermath of her spectacular climax.
Her cunt is agape, and the walls of her canal tremble visibly.
The heat of her climax has hardly cooled yet, and if she moves even a little, she is likely to cum again unintentionally.
Whore C "Eleonora, you came so beautifully, didn't you? I'm so enamored with it."
Whore B "Seems she's a bit of a size queen. I'm sure she's gonna love what's comin' up next."
Whore A "So, without further ado... Ta-da!"
Eleonora "Hyaaahh!? What, what the? What is that!?"
Yet another artificial cock is produced.
But it is far too long. It almost reaches Eleonora's belly button. The shape of the head is also distinctly different from the previous two.
It only vaguely resembles a human cock.
The girl starts to wet the rod with the juices seeping from Eleonora's cunt.
Whore B "Hahahaha... This one was molded from a bicorn. A normal girl would be terrified... but you're just fine. See what a slut you are, Miss Eleonora?"
Eleonora "Nahhh, hahh, ahhh... This... is impossible... It's definitely impossible... Ahhh, ahhhhhhhh..."
Whore C "You thought you couldn't handle the last one. But you had a great time, didn't you?"
Eleonora "Kfff, nghh... But... But... Ahhh..."
Eleonora shows her fear by shrugging. If her jaw wasn't clenched, one could hear her teeth clattering.
And yet, her eyes do not stray from the monster dildo.
Not only that, but she can feel the folds of her flesh twitching deep in her cunt.
Whore A "You know what I think? I thought that you'd definitely be done after the first round..."
Whore A "But it's kinda weird. After the first round... I think you want more. You're definitely a pervert."
Eleonora "Lahh... Lies... That's... insane... So please... don't..."
Whore A "Don't hold back? Count on us! I'll hit you right in your womb again!"
The girl laughs innocently at Eleonora, but Eleonora is terrified of the pleasure it will bring.
Glchhhh... blchhhh, shlllllk!")
Eleonora "Nghhhhh, ahhhh... khhhhhhhhhhhhh!?"
It sounds like it's shredding her pussy as the dildo is shoved into her cunt.
The flesh of her cunt screams as the giant rod is thrust inside her.
Eleonora's stomach ignites with heat and pressure as the shaft pushes up.
Eleonora "Uhhnngg!? Guhaaahooo!"
Eleonora "Ohhhh, hoooooooh, ohhhh, hohhh, hohhhh... Ungh, nahhh, hahh, hahhh, no, ah, ahhhh, take this out!"
She begs and pleads with them, but it matters not.
The shape of the dildo is clearly visible through Eleonora's belly.
Even the rise and fall of her chest with each breath sends shivers down to her fingertips.
Eleonora "Pahh... Please... hnn... hah... Hurry... Hurry up and pull it out... Get it out of me! Haaahh!"
Whore A "Hahahaha, what's that? It's not like you're dying or anything."
Whore A "You're just getting used to it."
Shlllllk... shlllllrrrrk! Shllllk, shlllllk!")
Eleonora "Nhyahhhhhh! Ahhh, hahh, hahhh, hhhh... hghhhhhhhhhh!"
Her cunt is almost pulled inside out when the dildo is yanked back out after being fully submersed into her.
Eleonora screams, her whole body shaking at the sensation of her internal organs and hip bones being dragged out.
Before the shock can even wear off, the dildo is embedded so deeply that her belly rises up again.
The feeling of vomiting is even stronger than with the extra thick dildo.
Her vision flickers with each thrust.
Eleonora "Hnghyahh! It's... it's in my stomach! Hahh... My stomach! Hnnn!"
Her womb is thrust into with such force that it echoes out of her belly.
Her core is being beaten down while her body heats up.
Eleonora "Pahh... Please! Hahhh... Please, please, please! Hnnn! Oh, Goddess, please!"
Whore A "Please? Yes, ma'am! I'll help you cum right away!"
Eleonora "Nhooohh! Hoaaahhh!!"
The more she begs her to stop the harder she works.
Her cunt, stretches to the point of bursting as pussy juice sprays out of it.
Pain and pleasure mingle in her cunt and radiate throughout her body.
Eleonora "Hghhhhh, ungh, nahhhhhhh! I'm scared! This is scary! Ahhh, I----!"
Whore A "Scary? Are you kidding? Come on, Miss Eleonora!"
In contrast to Eleonora's screams, the girl gleefully thrusts the dildo with all of her might into Eleonora.
Eleonora "Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! Oh, hohhhhhhh! Ughhhh, ahhh, nghhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
As her body burns, overwhelming pleasure erupts from her pussy.
The flames of pleasure, fanned by the prostitutes, scorch their way up from her toes to her head.
Eleonora "Hhhhh! This... Hhhhh! I'm cumming! I'm going to cum... I'm cumming!"
Her whole body jerks with like a fish washed up on land as her pussy squirts.
The pleasure grows and does not stop. Just as she cums, another climax rushes in and takes Eleonora by storm.
Eleonora "Nhooaaa! I'm cumming... again! I'm cumming! Don't... Don't stop! Hyeaaaahhh!"
With a heavy thud, the head of the dildo sticks through the flesh of her stomach.
The shock caused Eleonora to fall into an even deeper climax.
Eleonora "Nghhh... ahhhh, ah, ahhhhh..."
Eleonora is engulfed in a spectacular climax, and when she returns to the world, every muscle in her body is relaxed.
She no longer has any strength left to move her fingers, and her lips are sloppily agape and drooling.
There is no trace of the former dignity that defined the face of Eleonora once before.
Whore C "Hahaha... How did you like that, Miss Eleonora? Are you satisfied?"
Whore A "It's not necessary to ask that, is it, Miss Eleonora?"
Whore B "Eleonora? The night has only just begun, you know? Come on, how about we have some more fun..."
Eleonora "Hahhh, ngh, ahhh... hahhh, hahh, hahhh..."
Eleonora doesn't hear much of what the girls are saying and just grunts with heavy breaths.
The girls laugh happily as they surround Eleonora.
............
......
...
#04_ele007
Eleonora "My body... I don't understand... Why is it?"
A few days after being tamed by the working girls, Eleonora is alone and brooding in the room of her confinement.
The treatment from those she thought adored her is enough to break Eleonora's heart.
What shocks her even more is that she had climaxed with such a tool built solely for pleasure, a tool modeled after a beast's cock.
She joined the church when she was still a young girl, and since then she has lived a life of self-discipline, celibacy, and austerity.
It seems as if all of those days were lived in vain.
Eleonora "No, it can't be... I... I..."
??? "Oh, yes you can. I've heard you had quite the talented cunt. The kind that drives men crazy."
Eleonora "Hmmh!?"
Suddenly, Eleonora looks up with a startle when she hears a man's mocking voice.
Of course, there is no one in the room with her.
But Eleonora's heart beats as hard and as a fast church bell, cold sweat running down her back.
Eleonora "What was that... just now?"
As if to keep something from escaping, Eleonora presses down hard on her chest.
She grits her teeth and forces herself to swallow down the memories that are surfacing from the depths of her mind.
Eleonora "There is no need to remember... There is no need to... There are no values in the ramblings of a crazed man..."
Eleonora spins her words, squeezing them through her teeth.
She's pushing down the memory that drove her to the teachings of the Goddess.
She remembers the laughter of that wretched man.
The abhorrent memories that she has already overcome have now become a nail in Eleonora's heart.
Eleonora "I am a follower of the Goddess's teachings... To forsake earthly pleasures... To help the needy..."
Eleonora frowns, gasping in pain. She mutters repeatedly, praying desperately.
Derek "Why do you look so sad even though I supplied you with such comforts?"
Eleonora "General Derek..."
This is his first visit in days and he is quick to mock her.
Eleonora feels the fatigue of her ordeal but still manages the strength to stare Derek in the eye.
Eleonora "Why... do you drag my loved ones into this!? If you want to torture me, why don't you just set your target on me and me alone?"
Derek "But I have done nothing cruel to those you cherish. Nothing of the sort."
Eleonora "That... may be the case, but..."
She is irritated with Derek's specificity.
Meanwhile, Derek is finally revealing his true contempt.
Derek "First, your protests are all coming from the wrong place. I never ordered you to do anything."
Derek "Had your preachings and teachings been of reality, you would have walked away unscathed in the slums."
Eleonora "That's not... it at all!"
She shutters as the logic of Derek's argument sinks in.
If the vagrants believed as Eleonora did, her fate would have been different.
Eleonora (No! That can't be... It just can't be!)
Eleonora shakes her head in disbelief.
She feels they are not to blame.
They are not wicked but weak.
The way of this world... in which the weak must follow the strong. She believes that is what's wrong with this country.
Eleonora's beliefs are reaffirmed.
Eleonora "How can you believe that when the powerful are not forcing themselves on you? Your way of thinking is the very disease of this country."
Having regained her footing, Eleonora confronts Derek with the fire restored in her eyes.
But he just smiles and shows not even the slightest sign of discomfort.
Derek "Oh, now I understand. You want to feel what it's like to be coerced, to be forced by me. I can give you a sample since you've asked so nicely."
Eleonora "What!? General Derek..."
Derek "Don't worry. You're the only one being forced to do anything. Your adoring partners will be there of their own free will."
Eleonora "Their participation is also coerced."
Derek "That's a difference of opinion, isn't it?"
He laughs off her point, affirming that she will feel the brunt of his coercion from here.
Needless to say, Eleonora's face has lost its color.
Boy A "Oh, Miss Eleonora! Everyone, Eleonora is here!"
Boy B "Miss Eleonora!"
The children greet Eleonora when she is brought to the church in the slums.
They are the children of prostitutes and orphans abandoned by their parents. Eleonora provided them with food and education in the past.
Their innocent gaze pierces into her heart.
But Eleonora can't smile back at them now. It is natural because of what Derek has ordered.
Boy C "Miss Eleonora, are you alright?"
Eleonora "Yeah... I'm fine..."
She strokes the lad's head while suppressing the ache in her heart.
The boy smiles happily and looks innocent.
She would say they are like unblemished angels.
Eleonora (Could... children such as them do what Derek asks them to do?)
Eleonora weeps inside as she thinks about what Derek has ordered her to do.
That was when Eleonora thought of pleading with Derek once again.
Boy A "Hey! Are you really gonna let us play with your pussy today?"
Eleonora "Hnn?"
For a moment, her mind goes blank. She is sure she heard wrong.
Boy B "That's what the soldier said."
Boy D "But what's a pussy?"
The children are talking happily and gaily.
Some know and some don't.
But they're all still happy and giggly as they repeat the word.
It is too cruel.
Eleonora (What on earth...)
Eleonora grinds her teeth at the sinfulness of it all.
It's as if she can hear Derek's laughter in her skull.
The same laugh as when Derek had given her his order.
It is believed that the Goddess sacrificed herself for the sake of mortals. Surely she can do the same for these juveniles.
Derek had made sure to inform her what would happen to the children should she refuse.
And first, they must be taught what is going on and not just thrown into it unaware.
Eleonora has no choice but to follow Derek's orders.
Boy E "Hey, hey, tell us! What's a pussy?"
Boy A "Come on, Miss Eleonora! Tell us!"
The innocent question of the younger child and the knowing, mean-spirited request of the older child put her in a predicament.
Either way, it remains painful for Eleonora.
Eleonora (And should I refuse... the children will...)
Derek has no mercy for anyone, not even children.
Eleonora takes a deep breath and stretches her back.
The children look up at Eleonora with their eyes shining.
Eleonora "I see... Well, today we're just going to have to have a lesson on the pussy, aren't we?"
Eleonora smiles at the children while desperately holding back her tears.
#04_ele008h_ele06
Eleonora "W-Well... this is a woman's... p-p-pussy..."
In the church where just a month or two ago, she had been preaching her divine teachings, Eleonora is now showing the children her lessons on the pussy.
She even uses the appropriate street terminology as she turns her pages. Her whole body flushes with shame.
The curious children stare wide-eyed at her parted flower.
Boy B "Amazing... so that's a pussy. But... a little gross, isn't it?"
Boy A "Well, that's just because you're a stupid kid, that's all."
The older boy is much brasher.
But his voice wavers as his eyes feast on the nethers between her thighs.
Eleonora's heart aches as she turns these children into adults.
Boy C "Hey, so... what are we supposed to do with... a pussy?"
Boy A "That... well... Miss Eleonora, why don't you give us a lesson like you always do?"
Boy D "I want to know! I want to know all about Miss Eleonora's pussy!"
In contrast to her own anguish, the boys are overly enthused.
These are the same lads she used to tutor in hopes that it would lead to a better future for them and this nation.
She can't believe she has to give them this lesson on female anatomy.
Eleonora "Hghhh... khhh, uhhhh... Why...?"
She can't help but ask herself where things went so wrong.
But no matter how she answers, there is no changing the path she has been set upon.
Boy E "Hey, I want you to teach me about pussy too!"
Eleonora "Ghh, uh, uhhhh...!"
The youth's naive words sting in her bosom.
However, she lacks the authority to deny them.
Eleonora smiles hard, telling herself that she is trying to protect her children.
Eleonora "Well, I am. I am going to teach you what to do with a pussy, okay?"
Boys "Oh, please!"
It's just like a regular class. Eleonora is greeted by their young and cheerful faces.
It also makes Eleonora's heart ache.
Internally she grinds her teeth while wearing a false smile as her lesson begins.
Eleonora "Hn... So, first... a pussy... more specifically, this hole... is my pussy... Hn..."
She spreads her pussy lips to show them the opening of her vaginal canal.
The coldness of the air and the eyes of the children make her hips tremble involuntarily.
Eleonora "A man... puts his dick... into a woman's pussy..."
Boy E "Hm? Something is happening... to my dick..."
Eleonora "Hn... That... That's normal..."
The words of the youngest lad weigh heaviest on Eleonora.
Being forced to teach them such lessons far too early makes her feel sick.
Eleonora "Well... Let's start off slow... Here, try putting your finger inside my pussy... I'll show you what a pussy feels like..."
Boy C "Finger? Like this?"
The boys obediently obey Eleonora's words and without hesitation insert a hesitant, thin finger into her slit.
Eleonora "Nghhh...! Hahhh, hahhh, ugh...!"
Boy C "Hwaah, amazing! It's so tight!"
It could be the stress of the immoral situation but Eleonora can feel her pussy clamp down more than normal on the boy's finger.
At that moment, a sweet, tingling numbness rises in her loins, confusing Eleonora.
Eleonora (What!? How can that be...? It can't be... What am I feeling? Hnn...)
Boy E "This is awesome! I could play like this all day!"
Eleonora "Nghh... hghhh, ungh, ngh, nghhhh!"
He gleefully kneads her pussy without a second thought.
Even his untrained movements elicit some twitches from her hips.
Boy C "Miss Eleonora! Am I doing it right?"
Eleonora "Y-Yes... Nahhh, ahhh, even if... you put a little more strength there... Nghhh... ah, ah, it's... n-nice... Nghhh... It's good."
Eleonora "So, a little more on the top... like the ceiling... Rub it firmly... That's right... Just like that..."
She will try to teach these youths to please a woman as best she can.
She instructs them to gently arch their fingers to work the roof of her pussy.
Then he gradually adds a second finger and thrust them in together.
Each pistoning is audible as her pussy grows wetter.
Eleonora "Oh, and at the top of the cleft... the small, protruding bit... that's the clitoris."
Eleonora "You should gently work it with your fingertips. Please try it. Hahh, hahh, ahhh... Stroke it..."
Boy E "Hmm... Like... this? How's that?"
The boy rubs her swollen clit with his finger just like she instructed.
Eleonora "Uhhh, kffff...! Nahhh, hfff, nghhh... hahhh, hahh, ahhhhhhh...!"
Eleonora "Oh, you're good at that... Hnn... Yes, there. Of all a woman's body, that spot feels best... Hnn... Go gentle at first... Hnn!"
A current of pleasure runs through her whole body from the point of her clit. She knows she shouldn't do this, but still, her hips shake, seeking out the boy's fingers.
Eleonora's reaction brings a smile to the boys' mouths.
They transition from innocence to the joy of savoring a woman's body.
Eleonora (Oh... what a wretched sinner I am...)
She cannot escape the pangs of guilt in her heart.
It is all too late.
Eleonora continues to teach the boys with tears in her eyes.
Eleonora "Hahh... Ahh... That's right... Put a finger inside me... and knead. Hnn! Yes, yes... More..."
She can't escape the thoughts that she wanted to protect them from such molestation.
But she cannot resist the pleasure she's getting from the fingers.
Her pussy dribbles nectar onto the boys' hands.
Eleonora (I have to endure... I must overcome... But... why can such an untrained caress... get my pussy to react like this?)
The aching hunger of her cunt makes her hips buck harder.
She cannot suppress the pleasure welling up in her cunt.
Eleonora "Hahhhh...! I can't take it! I'm sorry... I'm...!"
Boy C "Hwaah!? M-Miss Eleonora!?"
Eleonora squeezes her cunt tighter and takes the boy's fingers firmly into it. She rocks her hips back and forth, trying to experience the pleasure being pumped into her.
Not content with that, she gives further instructions to the boys.
Eleonora "Wait, not like that! Go a little harder on the clit! Like you're trying to hurt it!"
Boy E "Uhh... Like... Like this?"
Eleonora "Ahyehhhnn! Nhaaa! Hahh! That's good! More! More!"
Ribbons of pussy juice stream from her crevice.
Her cleft writhes, hungry for cock.
Perhaps stimulated by their male instincts, the boys thrust their fingers more vigorously and twist their wrists back to reach deeper.
Eleonora "Nhyahhh! Ah, ahhh, ahhhhh! I'm cumming... Ahhhh, ahhhhh, you're making my pussy cum!"
Feeling the tidal force of orgasm upon her, Eleonora chooses to let go and not hold back.
Eleonora "Nahhh! Ahh... I'm... I'm... I'm cumming!"
Eleonora proclaims her oncoming climax as her hips defy gravity.
Her vision blinks in and out, and her body twitches erratically.
The meat of her cunt contracts on the boys' fingers.
Eleonora "Naaah! Aaaah... I'm... going to cum... again! Uhh!"
And so Eleonora is now screaming aloud mid-climax as she devours the pleasure the boy's fingers give her.
Eleonora "Nahhhh, hahhh, hahhh, hahhh..."
Sweat runs down her body. It has become limp and weak. A large amount of cunt juice drips down in ribbons.
Boy E "Ahh... Amazing... Your cum... is so amazing..."
Boy A "Ahh... Hahh... I'm surprised. It's better than I thought it'd be..."
Eleonora (Look at what I've become... who I've become to these children...)
A sense of guilt, a sense of immortality, comes over her as she has never known before.
But this is not the sole lament of Eleonora's heart.
She already knows she can cum with their fingers.
But her cunt still burns from a lack of satisfaction.
Eleonora (What's the matter with me? I already came...)
She wishes it to be a lie.
But as she tries to look away, the tingle she feels takes root in her mind.
Eleonora "Nghhh... kffff, nghhh... ahhhhh..."
Without realizing it, her breath has become a living invitation to the boys.
She unconsciously shakes her voluptuous ass.
Boy B "This means you want me to put my dick in you, right?"
Boy A "I mean, how could you not tell?"
Boy A "Just gotta put a dick in that hole, right?"
Eleonora "Hahhh, ngh, ahhh... ahhh, you're..."
Though narrow and inexperienced, his dick is hot and hard nonetheless.
Now it's rubbing her glistening twat.
Eleonora "Ah... ahh, you can't, though... Ahh, ngh, kff, hahh, nghhh...! A c-child's cock is being rubbed on me..."
Boy A "Hyah... I don't really get this, but it's incredible! Just rubbing it feels good!"
Boy C "Does it feel that good?"
Boy A "Oh, dear! I didn't know it could feel this good! I didn't know!"
Boy C "Me too... I wanna try..."
Boy A "Miss Eleonora, like this? Can I just put it in?"
Eleonora "Yeah, just like that... a little more..."
Eleonora "Hahh... ahh... hnnaaahh! Put your youthful dick inside me!"
Boy A "Uhaaah!? My dick... Aahhh!!"
Eleonora's slit swallows the slender dick in one fleshy gulp.
She feels the pressure building up deep inside her body.
She is acutely aware that the young cock is not sizeable enough to hurt her.
But the heat from their joining isn't lacking adult heat at all.
Eleonora "Ahhhh, it's hot, hhhh! Nghhhh, this... cock is hot... Ahhh, anghhhhh...!"
Boy A "Hey... waahh!? Stop, Miss Eleonora! Ahh!"
Eleonora's back arches as her cunt bites down on the cock that is now firmly inserted to its base in her cunt.
Despite being thin and inexperienced, the cock still makes her pussy burn with hunger.
It is not right that she should be consorting with such a young pupil.
However, the taboo causes Eleonora to burn up.
Boy A "Oh, dear, my pussy feels so great! Oh, fuck... Now I get what my mom means when she screams incredible..."
The boy can't stop the memory of spying on his whore mother and a client from playing in his mind.
He begins to understand the joy of that man and the sounds of his mother's moans.
More images of his mother pleasuring clients fill his mind.
Shllllp! Shllllk! Shlllllp, shlllllk, shlllllllk!")
Eleonora "Kahhhhhh! Anghhhh... nahhh, hahhh! It's suddenly got so intense! Wait, move your cock more slowly... Hahhhhh!"
It is not thick or large by any means, but it is still hard enough to churn her cunt.
The movement is completely monotonous. He just moves back and forth.
And yet, it feels good to Eleonora, and she can't stand it.
It doesn't quite reach the whole way, so she lowers herself onto the dick, trying to help it dive deeper inside her.
Eleonora "Yaahhh... nahhhh! Ahh... What? How are you so deep? You're so deep in my pussy that you're hitting my cervix? Hnh!"
Boy A "Ahh! Miss Eleonora! Something... Something is happening!"
He groans with pleasure as the head of his cock hits her cervix, and he grinds his hips faster.
She meets his grinds by moving her hips too, each motion creating viscous sounds from their coupling.
The echoes of penetration echo in the halls of the sacred building.
Eleonora "Nahhhhh! This is...! Ohhhh, ungh, nghh, hahhh! Ahhh, that can't happen, though!"
Boy A "Miss Eleonora! I feel... like I'm going to explode! I can't endure the feeling of your pussy!"
The boy, who at first seemed to be relaxed, calls out to Eleonora with a face that looks as if he is about to cry from the sheer pleasure he is feeling.
Eleonora "Ahhhh, yes, yes! It's alright! I'll take it... Haaah!"
Her pussy tightens and her hips move more excitedly than before.
Stronger friction is created, and both Eleonora and the boy shutter strongly at the same time.
Boy A "Ohhh... I'm going to blow! Miss Eleonora!"
Eleonora "Yes, yes, yes, yes! Come on, cum! Cum deep inside my pussy!"
Eleonora screams dreamily and squeezes the dick with her cunt.
Boy A "I'm... I'm... I'm cumming!!"
Spllllrrrt! Bshhhhh! Gshhhhhhh... gshhhhh!")
Eleonora "Nhyaaah! Hyaaahh! Aahhhh, uhh, hahhh! Ahhh!"
His dick spasms and releases an onslaught of young seed into her cunt.
The heat and intensity of the event cause Eleonora to scream out in climax, her sweat-beaded back arching to the extreme.
Eleonora "Nhyaaahh! I'm... I'm going to cum! Come and learn, children! Cum for me!"
Eleonora "Hyaaahh... Cum! Huuuuhh! Hnn... haaahh!"
His neck jerks back as she gets drunk on the feeling of the cum filling her pussy.
Eleonora "Nahhhh... hahhh, ngh, hahhh... hahhh, hahhh, ngh, hahh, ahhhhh..."
Boy A "This is... incredible... Pussy... is incredible..."
After experiencing sex and orgasm for the first time, he backs away, his hips still quivering.
White fluid drips down from her slit when he withdraws his cock.
Shivering at the sensation, Eleonora is experiencing the aftermath of her climax mixed with a sense of guilt.
Eleonora (I... fucked a child... and his jizz... is inside my pussy...)
It is not as though this was a fate she asked for. Not for the fucking or for the cum.
But no matter what she does she cannot escape from the heart-rending agony of what she just did.
Eleonora (Even so... Just, why? Why me and my body? And why... is my pussy tingling so?)
She laments that she may have finally broken.
However, the suffering of the flesh cannot be ignored.
Eleonora glances back behind her.
The boys are playing rock-paper-scissors to determine who will be next.
Eleonora (I... want to get this over with... But... I'm not...)
Eleonora's heart urges her to fuck them as quickly as possible.
Eleonora "Come on, don't dally. Who wants to try my pussy next? You can try anything you want, and I'll try to be a good teacher and get every drop out of your dicks."
Eleonora bites her lip as she sees the jizz dribbling out of her cunt.
The boys stop fighting for a turn and run to touch Eleonora and have her touch them.
Eleonora "Hahh... Your dick... is so cute. It might be small, but it's hard. It's a fine dick."
Boy D "Uhhnngg... ahh... Miss Eleonora... Hnn..."
She grips the small boy's cock and promptly feels the heat of it through her palm.
Just a gentle touch makes him shiver, and precum starts to run from him.
She feels a mixture of guilt and love.
Eleonora lovingly handles his dick to make him feel good.
Eleonora "Kfff, nghh, hahh... ahhh, you're trembling...? It feels good, yeah...?"
Boy D "Uhh... Yeah! Because... of you, Miss Eleonora!"
He speaks in a weak, trembling voice.
She would feel bad if she made him cum right away so she slows down.
Another boy comes up behind Eleonora.
Boy C "Miss Eleonora... can I... go next...?"
Eleonora "Ahh... Yes... in that hole...?"
Eleonora raises her ass high, exposing her slit.
He gulps.
Boy C "Oh, Miss Eleonora!"
There is no way he could decline such an appetizing invitation.
Snorting, the boy thrust his hips forward and inserts his dick all the way to the base in one fell swoop.
Boy C "Wahhhh!? Wah, ah, ahhhhhhhhh!"
Shllllk! Shllllllk!")
Eleonora "Ngh! Khhhhhhhhhh!! Ahhhhh, you're cumming so quickly!"
He blows his load on the way in, spraying her cunt with white muck before even being halfway in.
But that is enough for Eleonora.
Eleonora "Hah! That's amazing! Your cum's so hot... Hnnn!"
She tightens her cunt and moans in pleasure.
Even just being cum in makes her excited.
But that is only the beginning.
Eleonora "Ahhh... ahhhhhh! Ahhh, incredible! You still have so much energy! Ah, ah, ahhh, angh, nahhhhh!"
He continues to pump inside her cunt after cumming.
The viscous sound echoes on the chamber walls.
Eleonora "Ahh... It's... It's alright... Hnkh! You're already good at working a girl's pussy... You're going so deep... aiming right for my womb... Hnng... kwaaah!"
The boy follows Eleonora's words and frantically thrusts his hips and dives into the depths of her pussy.
His slender dick barely reaches her cervix.
Eleonora "Hahhhh... G-Good! This is... good! Nghhhh! I feel like... I'm getting a thing for child cock!"
Her erotic vocalizations continue as she tightens her cunt. He keeps thrusting as her pussy keeps squealing.
While doing that, she doesn't forget to stroke the dicks in her hands.
She works the dick from the base to the tip, rubbing around the ridge of the head and sometimes teasing the hole with her fingertips.
Boy D "Huh? Miss Eleonora... Something is happening... to my dick..."
Boy C "Me... Me too! I feel... like busting... Like I'm going to explode!"
Eleonora "Hahh! Just a little more... Please... Hahhh! I... hnnff... I'm going to cum with you!"
Eleonora relaxes her hand slightly, and instead, she again puts a strong pressure on her lower abdomen, tightening on the dick inside her.
The boy screams in agony at the crushing contractions.
Eleonora "Hahhh, just a little more! Ahhh, a little deeper!"
Boy C "Hahh, Miss Eleonora! I can't hold on anymore!"
The boys cling to Eleonora's body, almost crying with pleasure.
She carefully pleasures them as virgins should be.
Eleonora "Hahhh... It's alright! Don't fight it! Let it out! Cum for me! Everyone! All together now!"
Boys "Haaah!!"
As Eleonora writhes, the boys raise their voices.
Splllllrrrt! Bshhhhhhh! Bshhhh, bshhhhh! Gshhhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Nahhhhhhhhhhhh! Ahh, so much... hot jizz... all over my face and pussy..."
At the same time, the white fluid spurting from their dicks lands on Eleonora's body.
Her face, body, and cunt are all made filthy with thick ribbons of cum spraying in and on her, causing her entire body to bounce.
The throbbing cocks seem to never cease spraying.
Eleonora "Nhaaahh... This is... I can't! After such young, thick cum... I can't go back!!"
Boy C "Huwaaah!? You're squeezing me!?"
Bshhhhhhh! Bshhhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Hahh... I can't take it any longer! I'm going to cum with my students! I'm so happy!"
The guilt and immorality help to amplify her pleasure.
The more she contemplates what she is doing with her students the stronger her pleasure becomes.
Eleonora "Ahhhh... nghh, hahhh, hahhh, ahhhhh..."
Her body is enveloped in an intense but pleasant fatigue.
Surrounding Eleonora, the boys are beginning to fight for their next turns again.
They don't even try to hide their lustful desires from Eleonora.
They are young but males through and through.
Eleonora "Don't worry. There is pussy enough for everyone."
Eleonora speaks to the boys with a smile.
All the while her pussy burns with hunger.
............
......
...
#04_ele009
Eleonora "Uhh... How much more... can I pray? Hn..."
The orgy with her children has scarred Eleonora's heart.
She hoped they would walk a pious path.
Yet now she cannot even deny her own lust.
When the time was right, she wanted to teach them that sex only for pleasure is sinful.
And yet, she herself has taught them how to have sexual intercourse for pleasure only.
The innocent boys are turned into wretches.
Eleonora "And... the offering of my body..."
She makes the excuse to herself that it was all to save their lives.
But even so, Eleonora herself cannot escape the fact that she was swallowed by pleasure.
Eleonora "I should have... walked the path of purity, but I didn't..."
She mutters weakly.
All her strength is reserved for holding back her tears.
Derek "Apparently, you've recognized that it was you who was wrong."
Eleonora "That's... not..."
Before his visit, Derek must have been briefed on all the reports. Now, he laughs contemptuously at her.
Eleonora still manages to deny him, but doing so takes all her strength now.
There was a time when she could easily refute his claims. But now she knows how much power words require.
But now Eleonora is too hesitant.
Her absurd experiences with the prostitutes and her pupils have clouded her mind.
Derek "I can't believe you still cling to such nonsense after all you've seen. It would be so much easier for yourself to just admit the error of your ways and convert."
Eleonora "What do you know about conversion? All you know is corruption! I could never..."
The words bring a small amount of strength back into Eleonora's heart.
She had been weak and succumb to the pleasures of the flesh.
However, that does not mean that the path she has walked is false.
People are weak. It is because we are weak that we need to help each other.
She thinks people should be working hand in hand, not laying waste to others.
She looks upon Derek once more with that thought in mind.
Derek grins.
Derek "I can't wait to see if you will still say the same words after your upcoming ordeal."
Eleonora "Kch! No matter what you do to me, my faith is unshakable!"
Derek "Ahh, but to me, faith is merely a fiction people tell themselves."
Eleonora "That's exactly what I call delusional."
The rebuttal comes across far more subdued than she has been in the past.
But Derek only smiles.
Derek "Lucky me to have found someone able to determine what is true and false."
Eleonora "Are you going to make me... sully my loved ones again?"
Eleonora shows her mettle, posturing that she can endure.
It would be untrue to say that she isn't afraid of being swallowed up by physical pleasure.
That is the devil's temptation.
That is why Eleonora strongly believes that faith must be the shield of her heart.
Derek "You must be right in some way. I wouldn't want to deprive you of the ones you cherish most."
At Derek's signal, a soldier opens the door.
Eleonora's eyes widen at the sight that appears before her.
Pope "Eleonora. It's been an age, has it not?"
Eleonora "Your Holiness, the Pope..."
He is the supreme head of the Church to which Eleonora belongs. Trailing behind him, the bishops enter the room.
Eleonora backs away slightly at their sudden appearance.
At the same time, she feels doubt in her heart. She does not have a close relationship with the Pope.
Pope "What's the matter? Come to me, my child."
Eleonora "Yes, your Eminence..."
No matter the level of corruption, he is still the Pope, and Eleonora must recognize him. She approaches as ordered.
The Pope nods quietly.
However, his eyes are strongly tinged with lust.
Eleonora sighs softly.
Eleonora "Your Holiness, to what do I owe the pleasure?"
Pope "Are you not lost, Eleonora? When one of my flock is led astray, is it not my task to lead them home?"
Eleonora "Then, that means..."
Ostensibly, Eleonora shows humility.
But in her heart, it seems she is finally letting go.
The Pope himself is the source of the corruption of the Church of the Service Nation, and he knows nothing of salvation.
Eleonora (But, one-on-one with His Holiness... Then I...)
She believes it will be easy for her to evade carnal delight.
Thinking this, Eleonora suddenly senses a strange smell and raises her eyebrows.
The same foul smell of slum vagrants is pouring in from the outside.
Eleonora is secretly on the lookout for someone she knows.
The Pope, noticing Eleonora, gives a small nod.
Pope "Bring him in."
The bishops move at the Pope's words. A man who was waiting in the corridor is brought in immediately.
The man wears a tattered prison uniform. His bearded face is not familiar to Eleonora.
Eleonora "Who are...?"
Prisoner "Heh, heh... Hmm... I know those robes..."
Unlike Eleonora, he distinctly recognizes her as she gawks in confusion.
The prisoner licks his lips, sending chills down her spine.
Pope "Come now, Eleonora. Bare yourself in both body and soul, and you will recognize the truth. Then, your doubts will be made clear."
Eleonora "I understand..."
He makes it sound so deep, but really he just wants her to be naked.
Of course, she knows what is to follow.
Eleonora swallows a sigh and undresses.
#04_ele010h_ele07
Prisoner "Heh, heh, heh... You blossomed into quite the looker, didn'tcha?"
The prisoner smiles disgustingly at Eleonora now that she has disrobed.
Due to his time behind bars, his clothes are in tatters, and his reek is pungent.
This is a new extreme for Eleonora even after all her time working in the slums.
Worst of all is his smile.
She feels like she has met him at some point in the past, but she can't be certain.
Something animalistic tugs at her memory as she looks at him.
Eleonora "Do you all feel no shame? To gang up on a woman like so and force your desires upon her?"
Prisoner "Heh, heh, you were always a bossy bitch like that even way back when."
Eleonora "Huh? What is that supposed... to mean?"
She has, indeed, met this person before.
But for the life of her, Eleonora can't recall clearly how or when. A foul smile escapes from his unkempt beard.
Prisoner "Don't fret now. I'll jog your memory... with this!"
Eleonora "Nghhhh! Nghh, khhh, kfff... hahhh, hghhhhh!"
He rams his piping-hot pipe into her fleshy conduit.
It's the hottest cock yet.
At the searing contact with his dick, Eleonora's hips buck and twitch.
Eleonora "I-It's hot...! Nghhh, kfff, hahhh! Noooo... Ah, ahhhhh, aghhhhhhhhhhh!"
She looks him in the eyes as she feels the heat of his cock.
When the prisoner sees her gaze, he answers with a grin.
That smile seems to tap into a memory.
His disgusting smile and his cock so hot you'd think it was on fire, she has known this before.
But she just can't remember.
On the contrary, there is a voice in her heart begging her not to remember.
The convicts' laughter breaks her sense of alarm.
Prisoner "Heh, heh, heh! Still tight, for an adult. I knew you were a good pick way back then."
Eleonora "Hahhh, nghhh, kfffff... hahh, hahhh, what...?"
Prisoner "Heh, heh, heh! You still don't remember me? Well, how 'bout this then!?"
Eleonora clenches her teeth as he rams his cock up into her cervix.
Eleonora "Kahhhhhhhh...!? Ah, ahhh, hahh... nghhhhhh!!"
The heat of his cock makes her feel like her uterus is going to be the seat of an all-engulfing fire.
The heat of the flame burns the shroud around Eleonora's memory.
This sensation of a burning hot cock gouging her cunt, pushing on her womb, and melting her from the core of her loins.
Eleonora looks up at the convict with her eyes wide open in shock.
Eleonora "How... How the? That's... just... Hnn!?"
Looking again at his appearance and face in this way, there is no doubt in her mind.
This is the rapist that stole her virginity.
Prisoner "Heh, heh, heh! So, you finally remember, do ya? That's right! I popped that li'l cherry o'yers!"
Eleonora "Nghhhhh! Hahhh, ahhh, hahhh, hhhhh!"
She can feel his dick twitch as he laughs.
The burning in her cunt makes her want to cry.
It doesn't just burn, it itches, making her want to scratch her cunt out.
Eleonora (This sensation... It's the same as that day... Why am I thinking about it like this!?)
Eleonora (I will endure...! I married this body to the Goddess and to serve her flock!)
The convict looks down at Eleonora as she frantically scolds herself, smiling down at her disgustedly.
Prisoner "Heh, heh, heh. That li'l cunts squeaky clean, ain't it? Looks like it remembers my cock too!"
Eleonora "Hghhhh... kahhhhhh! Anghhhh, hfffff, unghhh, hghhh, kfffffffff!"
He thrusts his cock into her deeply. He goes in and out. Eleonora's pink folds cling tightly to the ridge around the burning head of his cock. Each pounding summons a cry from her.
She manages to keep her mouth closed, refraining from yelling out, as her body is tossed to and fro, burning, writhing, and aching from his rape.
Prisoner "Heh, heh, heh, you put on a good show, ya know? I know you want to whimper, to cry, and to moan like the bitch you are!"
Eleonora "Hnn... nahhh, hahhhh! Kfhhhh, hghhhh, nghh... I will choose... how and what... hnn... I feel! Hnngg!"
Eleonora speaks strongly to herself in denial as if to convince herself.
But every time he thrusts into the deepest part of her body, her whole form goes numb, and she feels as if she is losing all her strength.
Not only her body but also her brain is going numb and faltering.
Pussy juice splats to the floor as he rapes her.
Prisoner "Heh, heh, heh, I'm eager to see how much you can hold out for. Don't you remember the last time? Your blood on my cock as I broke your cherry?"
Eleonora "Nghhhhhhhh! Hahhh, ah, aghhh, kahhh... hahhh, ah, ahhhh... This is...!"
His cruel thrusts begin once more, pushing up hard on her womb.
Her cunt contorts to the shape of his intruding cock.
She is at the edge of pleasure. She feels imprisoned as she is forced to tread within this pleasure until she inevitably drowns.
The pressure rises more and more with each thrust.
Eleonora "Ngh, hahh, hahh, hahhhhhh, hahhhh...! Hahh, hahh, hhhh... P-Please... Please... Ah, ah, ahhhh!"
The thrusting slows.
Her hungry cunt seemingly tries to take a bite out of his rod of flesh.
Sensing the shape of his cock inside her, she visibly communicates her wish for him to stop.
Prisoner "Heh, heh, heh, I told you how to ask, right? Oh, did you forget that too, sweet-cheeks?"
Eleonora "Khhhhh...! Khhh, oh, ohhhhhh!"
He rams into her uterus hard enough to lift her up and off of her feet, making her pant.
She knows that the shadow of sin that is pleasure is trying to swallow her whole.
Eleonora (Ahh, ahh, no... NO! This is... too far! Too much! No more!)
Eleonora "I... I...! Hhhh, hfff, hahhh, hahhhh! I, ahhh, I...!"
She has only been raped by this man once before, and the trauma of that encounter is scarred upon her psyche.
And now she recalls the words in question.
She tries to mutter, but her mouth just flops open and closed like a fish in the desert.
Prisoner "Heh, heh, those who can't be honest must be punished!"
Splllllrrrrrrt! Gshhhhhh, bshhhh, gshhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhh, gshhhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Hahhhh! Hhhh! Ohhhhhh! Hnghhh, hghhh, ahhhhh! No, this is bad!"
He pulls the rod out of her completely, revealing the head of his cock, then rams it in all the way once more.
Each thrust lifts her hips into the air, allowing mists of sweat to perfume the air.
She can no longer resist what is boiling up inside her.
Prisoner "Heh, heh, heh, what was it I taught you? Come on, say it!"
Eleonora "Aghhhh, ahhhhh! Stop, stop stop! If you don't, I'll----!!"
Prisoner "Say it! You sow of a whore!"
Eleonora "Nhyaaahh! No! Enough, already! Heehh! Your dick... is too good! No! Just, no!"
She finally loses herself in his violent thrusting.
A sense of defeat pierces an empty hole in Eleonora's chest. She is showered with his triumphant loud laughter.
A torrent of pleasure overtakes her cunt.
Eleonora "Ahhhhhh, no, ahhh, hahhh! Ahh, ahhh, hhhh! I can't take it any longer. My cunt can't take this!"
Her legs twist around him.
Uncontrollably, her cunt tightens on his cock, and her pussy begins to tighten around his cock.
The friction burning in her cunt is etching cinders up to her brain.
Eleonora "No! That's enough! I'm... I'm going to cum! Please! Make my pussy cum!"
Using the obscene words that have been pounded into her, Eleonora asks for permission to climax.
She has become the bitch she never thought she was.
Prisoner "If you want me to make you cum, say it! What are you? What did I tell you to say?"
Eleonora "Yes... Yes! I... am a cock slave! I was born to serve cock! Naah! Ahhh!"
Eleonora "Oh, please...! Please punish my dirty pussy with your cock!"
The robed members of their audience are overcome with Eleonora's unhesitating use of such verbiage.
For less than a moment, the color of regret and shame flashes in Eleonora's eyes.
But it is soon melted by the flames of a bitch seeking a mate.
Eleonora "Please! Oh, please! Give me your seed! Give me your cum so that I can cum!"
Prisoner "Heh, heh, heh, it is you! That's why I could never forget you. You also couldn't forget your true state, could you!?"
Eleonora "Yeah... Yes! My... hahh... my pussy is your slave... Huhh! So... Ooh... So... Ooohh!"
Prisoner "Hoooh!"
Eleonora moans like a bitch in heat to try to send her rapist over the edge, causing him to howl.
Splllllrrrrrt! Gshhhhhhhhhhhh... gshhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Nghhhhhhhh! Hahhhhhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Your dick juice is making me cum!"
He shoots his load, spraying enough white muck inside of her to fill her womb.
She is pushed to climax by the sudden change in temperature within her.
Eleonora "Nhyaaahh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Hmmmmff! I'm cumming... from having jizz exploding deep into my pussy! Deep in my pussy! So much cum! Hmmmm!"
With her feet wrapped around him, she cries out in pleasure as her ass rubs against the deck and her back arches.
She writhes in pleasure with each throb of the dick.
Eleonora "Haaahhh! Again! Again! Again! So much cum! Hnnn... I... Hah... I... Hnn!!"
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhhh! Gshhhhhhhh!")
Eleonora "I'm... I'm cumming! Uhhh! Nhaaah! Ahh, ahyynnhh, kyaahh! Kyaahhehhh!"
She squeals like a bitch in the throes of orgasm.
??? "Eleonora..."
Eleonora "Huh? Hah... hahh?"
Someone calls from the distance.
Her eyes open as though she is being pulled from a dream.
Eleonora "Hwaah... hnn, hah... Your... Holiness?"
Suddenly, the Pope is looking down on her.
And he is pushing his powerful dong into her crevices.
She tries to get up at once, but her body is not as strong as it was.
Failing to rise, all she hears is the belching sound of her cunt.
Eleonora "Hah, ahhh... I... I... Hnn..."
She is brought back to the world of the waking as she sees what fluids are leaking out of her.
She is raped again by the man who first raped her, unleashing all of the lust sealed inside of her.
In her daze, the convict and the Pope must have changed places. Eleonora was so drunk on the pleasure of orgasming that she hadn't even noticed.
Regret hits her so hard that she wants to pierce her own heart with a bodkin.
She turns away from His Holiness and sobs.
Pope "Eleonora. What you need is not contrition. What you need is repentance."
Eleonora "Huh? Ahh... N-No... it's too much..."
The bishops approach and place cocks on her face.
The scent of their cocks and the feeling of them against her skin make her pussy ache.
Cloudy fluids leak from her cunt.
It writhes, hungry for fresh seed.
Pope "Come, now, Eleonora. Make your confession to me here and now!"
Eleonora "Kahhhhh...! Kah, hghhhh... ungh, nghhhh, hghhhhh...!"
Her body is afloat with thrusts once more.
She feels as though she is levitating.
Her cunt devours the Pope's cock.
Eleonora "Nahhh, hahh, hahhh, ahhh...! This... This... I... I...!"
Pope "Tell me! What is within you now?"
Eleonora "T-That's... That's... T-That's... Ahh, ahh, ahh... hnn!!"
She knows what the Pope wants her to say.
Her voice of reason has returned just a little. It desperately calls out.
But it is already too late for her to obey that voice.
Her cunt clamps on the cock, coaxing it in deeper.
Her hips tremble as her meat flaps undulate.
Even without moving, the sensation is unbearable.
But she wants the movement quicker and faster.
Eleonora "Oh, Goddess, I love dick! I love it! I love dick in my pussy! I want more! Kahhff!"
She can hear something unlock inside her mind.
As if a weight has been lifted, her heart becomes lighter.
Her cervix is lightly prodded to incite her to continue.
Eleonora "Nghh, hhh...! Since... Since my virginity was stolen... I've had a stupid, horny cunt!"
Eleonora "That was my turmoil, my suffering, my sin. I was afraid of myself... and turned to the Church!"
She speaks candidly about the secrets she has never told anyone before. Her heart becomes lighter with each word.
Her legs twitch and entwine around the Pope, embracing him. The Pope thrusts his cock deep into her to answer her embrace.
Biting back the pleasure, Eleonora repents.
Eleonora "I, whore among whores, preached abstinence and celibacy... while denying my true nature..."
Eleonora "Oh, Your Holiness! Please absolve me of my sins!"
Pope "Everyone errs, my child. Let us wash away your sins."
Eleonora "Nhyeaahh! I'm going to... cum! This is going to make cum! I'm cumming!"
A light thrust from the Pope is enough to bring her to climax.
She is enveloped by contentedness and happiness as she has never known before as she is once more enveloped in her orgasm.
But as if that weren't enough, Eleonora's hips beg for more.
Her cunt pulls the rod in deeper, seeking even more pleasure.
Eleonora "Naaah... ahhh! Oh, Holy Father... I... Hahh... I... Hahh!"
Pope "Don't worry, Eleonora. You see, the things you love are right in front of you too."
Eleonora "Hyeaaaahh! Yes! Yeaaaaahh!"
In a rapturous voice, Eleonora reaches out to two dicks towering over her face.
Seeing this, the Pope also thrusts his hips.
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh, bshhhhhhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Khhhh! Hhhh! Nghhhh! Oh, your dick! Your Holy Dick! It feels so good! Uhh! Hyoooh!"
The Pope skillfully aims at her uterus and pushes it with his cock.
Her cunt trembles, and shocks run up her spine.
Still, she does not forget about the cocks before her.
She grips them firmly as her body trembles.
Eleonora "Haahh, ahhh! Oh, all these dicks! In my hands even! They feel so good!"
She can hear the whispers of precum.
The sounds coming from her cunt due to the Pope fucking her become louder.
Eleonora "Hnnnkkhuoooohh! So deep inside my pussy! Hyaah! Deep in my womb! I can feel your holy dick!"
Eleonora "I'm beside myself... with joy! So happy! To receive... communion with holy cock... with my pussy!"
She works the bishops' cocks with numb and shaking hands.
She wants to cry out as she senses the path traced by the head of the cock inside her.
She is consumed by his raging, hot cock.
She feels like she was foolish to refuse such bliss.
Eleonora "Oh, Father! Your Holiness! Please give me your forgiveness! Let me serve your cock from here forth!"
Pope "Very well... Let me grant you this blessing!"
Eleonora "Hyaahhhnnh! Hnnheaahhh... hyeaaaaahhhnn!"
The three-robed lechers begin to hasten the movements of their hips.
Her grip on all three strengthens.
Friction increases inside and outside her body, and the flame of pleasure burns from within.
Beads of sweat flee her body as she rages in full heat.
Eleonora "Hyaaahh! Oh, Father! Your Holiness! I'm... I'm... cumming! So give me your semen!"
Pope "I'm ready, Eleonora! Come, receive thy blessing!"
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhhh! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Kaffh... ooh! Kufhhh... ooohhh... I'm... I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"
Her cunt is made filthy once more.
Her mind washes away due to the immense heat.
As her own senses fade, all she is left with is the pulsating cock and the heat of jizz.
Eleonora "Kwaaahh, oooohh! I'm cumming... Your jizz is making me orgasm! Hnghhhh, nghhhhhh!"
In the midst of her climax, yet more white muck is rendered forth.
With that momentum, Eleonora ascends to even higher heights.
Eleonora "I'm so happy! So pleased... to receive your cum... Huhhh! Nhaahh... ahhh... haaahhh!"
Spllllrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhhhh!")
Eleonora "Kyaahh! Hoooh! Ohhhhh! Hnnngg... hnnuuhhhh! I can't stop... I can't stop... Cumming! Hyeaaahh!"
This is the kind of orgasm she had always denied herself since losing her virginity to the rapist.
She smiles in rapture and sacrament as she drowns in a sea of juices.
Eleonora "Nah... hahh... hehyyhh... hyahh..."
Her vision spins, and she cannot comprehend up from down.
Her whole body is numb and aching. Even her fingertips are unknown to her.
All she knows for certain is fulfillment.
What was missing has been found. That gives her a sense of security.
Pope "Have you learned the error of your ways?"
Eleonora "Ahhh, nghhh, hahhh... hahhh, Your Eminence..."
Eleonora looks up at the Pope and smiles entranced.
All the while her cunt clings to his cock even though she should be exhausted.
Eleonora "I was mistaken... In serving cock... a woman might find... happiness."
Eleonora "From now on... to serve cock... ahhh, I'll serve you all... My body... ngh, hahh... is devoted to you all..."
Pope "I'm sure you'll do fine. I'm counting on you, Eleonora."
Eleonora "Yes, Your Holiness... I will do my best for you..."
She means it with all honesty.
On this day, Eleonora truly became a bishop of the Service Nation.
............
......
...
#04_ele011
Thus Eleonora, the only person of conscience from the Service Nation, admits her failure and reforms.
The Pope praises Derek without reservation for his efforts in her conversion.
He may also be praising Derek for taking control of the military.
Regardless, Derek has one well to further cement ties with the Church.
Later...
Resident A "This is the worst. I can't believe it's this way here too."
Resident B "Worst? I welcome this outcome with open arms."
Resident A "You'll be alright, but I have a daughter. What will become of her when the Service Nation takes complete control?"
Another city anticipates being swallowed up by the Service Nation.
The citizens are in full dread regarding their fates.
No one wants to resist. They know there is no way to win, so they have just given in to their bad fortune.
A young man is trudging along, listening to the stories of the people in the city.
He has just recently been fired for offending his master.
Frankly, it makes no difference what happens to the city.
His future is already set.
He wanders aimlessly and takes a turn on the main street.
??? "You there... you seem down on your luck."
Young Man "Huh?"
A woman approaches and takes his hand.
Before he knows it, they are on the ground, and she is straddling him.
The woman is dressed in a lewd costume that would have been embarrassing to behold.
Young Man "What...!? What the fuck!?"
??? "Don't you worry... I'll melt away your woes."
Young Man "Hnn!?"
An ineffable fragrance wafts from the woman assailing him.
His heart pounds, and his cock grows excited by the aroma.
The protrusion from his trousers makes contact with her crotch.
??? "Don't worry... I'll take care of you..."
She offers a coy smile and lifts her hips slowly.
#04_ele012h_ele08
Eleonora "Hahhnn! Hnnnff, kfhhn..."
Eleonora trembles with joy as she takes off his trousers, and her cunt engulfs his cock.
Her cunt tightens and clamps down tightly on the young man's dick.
The young man moans at the stimulation.
Eleonora "Huhffh... Does my pussy feel good? I can feel your cock... trembling. I love it... Hnnmmmff..."
No longer seeming like a bishop at all, Eleonora bites her lips as she looks down bewitchingly at the young man.
Looking him in the eye, she begins to grind her hips.
The sticky sounds are audible as she slithers on him.
Eleonora "I can feel your cock throbbing inside me. It wants... release, does it not? Is that not what you seek?"
Young Man "Hooh, oh yeah... Keep going like this... and I'll release alright..."
Unable to comprehend the situation, the young man writhes in pleasure.
They're not even in a back alley. They're on the main street.
Eventually, the people in the area take notice.
Citizen A "In a place like this? No way!"
Young Man "Ahh... No... that's..."
The young man seems embarrassed at first but still moans as her cunt tightens on his cock.
As she does so, Eleonora smiles euphemistically at the townspeople.
Eleonora "Greetings to you all! How are you this fine day?"
Eleonora speaks with compassion.
There is not the slightest trace of shame.
She continues to speak to the crowd much the same as when she would preach.
Eleonora "It is sad to say, but... this world is full of trouble and suffering. It gives birth to envy and jealousy. Suspicion and deceit keep us from sincerity and conscience."
Eleonora "But don't forget that there is happiness too. That happiness illuminates the darkness and sheds blessings upon us all."
Eleonora sincerely means to touch the hearts of the people.
Citizen A "I know what you want to say, but saying it while looking like that..."
While speaking, the citizen's eyes are glued to Eleonora's form.
He stares at her ample tits, ass, and cunt, currently working the young man's dick.
Eleonora smiles gently and lasciviously.
Eleonora "Hahahaha... Can you imagine a more appropriate time, place, or person to speak of blessings and happiness?"
Saying this, Eleonora spreads her legs further apart to improve the viewing angles.
They watch her grind her hips, slithering her cunt over the young man's cock.
The men stare as if possessed by the image of her cunt on display in full daylight.
Eleonora "It is the learning of the soul... to share warmth and comfort... with one another..."
Eleonora "Can you conceive of a greater happiness the Goddess could gift unto man?"
Her gentle voice is filled with compassion. It overlaps with the lascivious sound of her slopping cunt.
All the men who are staring at Eleonora shake their heads.
Eleonora laughs slightly.
Eleonora "Well then... how about... we find some happiness... together. Come to me..."
Citizen A "Oh, together? Well then..."
Eleonora "Yes, let's."
She shows them her sweetest smile yet.
Eleonora "We offer ourselves and share in the pleasures of the flesh... for that is the teaching of the Service Nation."
Citizen A "The... Service Nation..."
The people bustle around.
But there is no commotion.
Eleonora "Very well. Present yourselves to me. Lend me thine cock."
The men approach in a daze, beckoned by Eleonora.
Then...
Eleonora "Suhhh... hnnf... The smell... is so pungent... I love it... Muah..."
She smells the erect dicks being thrust at her and kisses the tips.
Their cocks tremble and begin to ooze precum right away.
She licks the droplets from the heads of their cocks with her outstretched tongue.
Eleonora "Muah... muah... muah... muah... Hahaha... This cock is really delicious... Lckkk, lckkkk, lckkk..."
As she licks his knob, his cock throbs with more excitement.
She turns gentle eyes to them all as she works another cock in her hands.
She has not forgotten about the dick in her cunt either. She tightens her cunt by flexing all her abdominal muscles to work it harder.
Young Man "Huwaaahh... This is... amazing!"
Citizen B "Oh, me too... It's just her hand... but she really knows what she's doing!"
Eleonora "Ahhh, nghhh... everybody, your cocks are all so big and energetic... Anghhh, muah... muah, lckkk... nghhh, more... Please enjoy it more..."
Eleonora "Take this... pleasure and joy... Ahhhh, hahhh, nghhh... Let it rest in your heart... Muah, ngh, sckkk, lckk, muah, muah..."
From the bottom of her heart, Eleonora is delighted by the sight of the men writhing due to her caress.
As if to convey her pleasure, she enthusiastically tugs on the cock in her hand while sucking on the tip of another.
Eleonora "Nghhh... slllrrrrp... slllllrrrrrp... ahhhh... nghhhhh..."
Her cunt devours the young man's cock like a hungry animal.
His cock swells inside her as he feels himself losing control due to her pussy's grip.
Young Man "Hahh... I... I can't take any more! I'm gonna blow!"
Eleonora "Anghhhh, nahhh, ahhhhh... hnn! Ahhhh, ah, ahhh, good... Wonderful!"
He shouts on the brink of tears as he thrusts into Eleonora.
Sparks of pleasure ignite in Eleonora as he rams his shaft into her cervix.
Eleonora "Angh... There... right there... Hnn, hmmmf, huh! Thrust harder right into my womb!"
Eleonora "Sckkkkk, muah, sckkk, sckkk, lckkk... nghhh, sckkkk..."
She continues to pleasure them all while inciting the young man with her words.
The scene is so indecent that even the barefoot whores lower their faces.
This is the figure of the holy women of the Service Nation.
Eleonora "Anghhhh, nahhh, ahhh! Your cock... nghhh, is kissing my... womb... It's incredible... Nghhhh! Ahhh, anghhhhh!"
As the young man pushes up, she drops her hips deeply.
Eleonora tenses all of her kegel muscles to tighten on the cock inside her and urge him to cum.
Young Man "Heahh, hyaaahh!"
The young man writhes violently.
With a look of satisfaction on her face, she kisses the dick in front of her once more and handles the one in her hand more vigorously than ever.
Eleonora "Oh, it's so good... Let me taste this one... I want it all in my mouth...! Muah, nghh, sckkkk, sckkkkkkk, lckkkkkk..."
She sucks on the head of his cock wrapping her tongue around it. She also envelops the head of the cock in her hands, using her fingertips to play with the hole at the top.
From each act of service she does, moist sounds echo through the thoroughfare.
The men around her cannot resist such a sinful figure.
Eleonora "Ahhhhh... nghhhh, I'm happy... Everybody, to have cocks like these...! Ahhhh!"
Eleonora "I want everyone to feel good! That's my desire! Ahh, ahhh, hnnn!"
The spectators begin jerking off.
The sight of all the surrounding cock just ignites her pleasure.
They begin to handle their own penises while directing the tips toward Eleonora.
The folds of her cunt twitch and writhe, making the young man's cock throb harder.
Eleonora "Hahh, ahh... This is... Oh, everyone... I'm so glad you want to have your way with me!"
Her pussy gushes.
Her pale skin is flush and red.
She reeks of a bitch in heat, and the men rush her.
Eleonora "Hahhh, nghhh! I'm already----!"
Blchhhh! Glchhhh, glchhhhh, blchhhhh, glchhhhh!")
Eleonora "Ahhhhh, nghhhh, muah, sckkkk, sckkkk, muah, muah, muah!"
She grinds her hips harder and faster while taking the cock deeper into her mouth.
She can taste the droplets of cum departing from the head of the cock between her lips.
The three cocks she is pleasuring all throb in pain due to the overwhelming pleasure.
Even the watchers jerking themselves off seem near the point of no return.
Eleonora "Ahhhhh, ahhhh, hghhh, kffff, nahhhhhh! Ahhh, shoot your juices! Please shower me in all of your juices!"
Eleonora "Make me orgasm with your semen...! Mmm, muah, sckkk!"
She incites the desire of the men with her words.
Eleonora's anticipation and pleasure increase as she feels the pulsation of the cocks at their limits.
She will soon see how much jizz they can yield.
The thought of it makes Eleonora feel as if she is about to climax.
Eleonora "Faster, nahhh, hahhh! Ahhhh, make me orgasm with your semen! Everybody works together to have a blessed mass orgasm!"
Men "Uhhnnngg... kaaahhh!"
In answer to Eleonora's call, the men reach their limits.
In her hands, mouth, and cunt, Eleonora feels their cocks begin to swell for the last time.
Spllllrrrt! Bshhhhh! Gshhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhh!")
Eleonora "Nahhhhhhh! Anghhhh, hyahhhh! I'm orgasming! There's just so much hot jizz!"
The men ejaculate all at once for Eleonora.
She is bathed in their white spunk. It is all over her face, body, and in her cunt. Eleonora quickly climaxes from it.
Eleonora "Ahhhhhh, hahhh, hahhhh! I'm cumming too! Everybody, your jizz is making me...!!"
Eleonora "Ahhhhh, I'm cumming! My pussy is melting with joy!"
The pleasure of being united with men brings Eleonora to a state of bliss.
Drowning in the euphoria that wells up from the depths of her heart, Eleonora's body trembles.
Eleonora "Ahhhh... nghhh, muah, sckkkkk... kfff, nghhh... kafff, nghhh, hnnn... kfffff... ngh, hahhh... ahhhh... It's delicious... Hahaha..."
She continues to suck on the cock that came into her mouth, swallowing all that she can suck up.
She scoops as much jizz from her body to her mouth as she can.
Eleonora "Mm, ngh, nghh... hahh, all of the loads are so thick, ahhhh... I'm happy..."
The sight of Eleonora smiling enraptures the men, and they once again grow excited.
The cocks that just blew their loads are at attention once more.
Eleonora "Oh, I'm so pleased... Hnn... You all... want some pussy too, don't you?"
Eleonora "Come to me... Let us commune in happiness and bliss. Mind and body as one..."
As she speaks, she begins to thrust her hips once more on the cock still inside her.
Eleonora "Thus, may we all be blessed... and live happily... in the Service Nation... hahahahaha...."
Eleonora preaches her truth sincerely from her heart.
She truly is a saintly whore of the Service Nation.
#04_iri001
Iris Arcadia.
She is a young knight of the Goddess of Mercy who is known throughout the Holy Kingdom for her exceptional talent in both swordsmanship and command.
The Sacred Kingdom of Aurelia was created to espouse and guard Seraphina, the Ancient High Elf.
High elves are said to save people with their divine power when the world is in danger.
Protecting Seraphina is the very reason for the existence of the Holy Kingdom and the mission that Iris herself is bound to.
Having watched Iris mature, Seraphina has become quite fond of her.
It is no exaggeration to say that it was for Seraphina's sake that she continued to improve herself as a knight and as a person.
She is trusted by her people and is pure and innocent, the epitome of a knight.
Her ability to unite the Holy Alliance shows that she has a great deal of influence over neighboring countries.
Iris has completely dedicated herself to Seraphina, her nation, and this path. In doing so, she has forsaken the touch and warmth of a man.
She embodies the character of a knight as the knighthood would wish to be seen.
Derek "Just a steadfast knight believing the tales about Seraphina."
A disdainful smile appears on Derek's mouth as he finishes reading the report.
A fool is one who bases their life and way of living for someone else.
Derek laughs at what life must be like for someone that denies their own desires.
Derek "So you want someone else to tell you how to live? Fine, I can do this for you, Iris."
He drops the report and exits the office.
Iris "Oh, Sera... Please be unharmed..."
In the room she was given, Iris is growing frustrated at her own inadequacy.
It has been several days since Seraphina and she were put in separate rooms, and in that time, they have not been able to see each other once.
This is the Service Nation, the crucible of vice. Iris cannot bear to think about what wickedness Seraphina might be presently subjected to.
Iris desperately wishes to join her mistress but is also cool-headed enough to know that would be a tactical mistake.
Iris (I may be able to escape this place...)
Iris takes another look around the room.
The room is too opulent to give to prisoners, and she can see that the furnishings cost a lot.
However, the windows are fitted with bars, so it is indeed difficult to escape.
She considers dismantling a chair to use a leg as a weapon.
If she were armed then, she thinks she might be able to escape by force.
Iris (But I would not abandon her and leave her alone...)
Her supreme imperative is to help Seraphina. To do so, she will need more information.
Iris grinds her teeth in impotent frustration.
The next day...
When Derek finally visits the room, Iris questions him with an aggressive tone.
Iris "Where is Sera? Is she safe?"
As one could expect, she has been completely sequestered from her allies.
The maid that tends to her has also given her no information.
Iris's anxiety grows stronger by the minute.
Iris "Answer me, Derek Rondo! If you have done anything terrible to Sera..."
Derek "Losers always are the loudest, aren't they? You have still yet to learn your place."
Iris "The nerve! I have not lost! I have not succumbed to you!"
Derek "Oh, please, tell me more. I love your spark. But remember, what you say impacts Seraphina's, let's say, level of enjoyment during her patronage here."
Iris "You bastard!"
She snarls through her teeth at Derek's blatant threat.
With Seraphina's well-being at stake, she must calm her tongue.
All she can do is glare at Derek.
Derek "Hnmmmf... A disciplined bitch isn't nearly as fun as one that hasn't been tamed yet."
Iris "Hnngg... Khh, uhh..."
Derek takes a step forward.
With only his approach, Iris can feel his gravity upon her. She reflexively reaches for her absent sword, grasping at the air.
She resists the urge to step back.
Iris "Rape me... have your way with me if you will... But... But Sera..."
Derek "Sera this, Sera that. On and on. I'll say this. If you do your job right I'll let you meet her as a reward."
Iris "My... job?"
A chill runs down her spine.
After all, this is the Service Nation. There can only be one kind of work for her.
Derek "Don't worry. All you have to do is give the guests wine. There's a feast going on right now."
Iris "Feast..."
She has a bad feeling about this. Because it'll be a party of insolent rapists.
But this has no impact as she must do whatever Derek requests of her for the sake of Seraphina.
Iris "You... would really let me see her?"
Derek "If you do your job properly."
Derek smiles thinly, and the bad feeling is thickening. Iris can be sure that it is not going to end with her just being a waiter.
But in order to meet Seraphina, it would also be necessary to swallow her pride.
Iris "I'll do it whether it's wine or not! Now, show me the way!"
She glares at Derek as if challenging him, feeling a sense of shame, and then speaks.
Iris "W-What is that!?"
In the hall where she has been taken to, Iris cannot contain her disgust.
An audience chamber in the Service Nation.
And yet, everywhere in the hall, men and women are entwined with each other, and the large space is filled with the sounds of fucking, wet echoes, and lewd smells.
Women are straddling patrons, knelt before them, and their heads buried between their legs.
She can also see several banging a single woman.
And the worst part is the look on their faces.
Iris (They were aligned with the Holy Alliance...! How can they be acting like this?)
It is fortunate that the women being held here are not allies of Iris.
But the patrons that are having their way with the women are kings and representatives of countries and territories that had been aligned with the Holy Alliance.
They have chosen to side with the Service Nation in the end, forsaking their oaths.
When they notice Iris, they don't look at her awkwardly, but rather their eyes light up in lust.
Iris (Damn... this is my true defeat...)
Iris almost droops as she is once again confronted with her own failure.
She swallows her shame and feigns boldness.
Iris "So this is what you were planning after all when you told me to give them wine."
Derek "I thought it would make for interesting company to have you surrounded by old acquaintances."
Derek says this and walks straight out of the audience chamber.
Iris hurriedly follows but immediately stops in a huff.
Then a woman rises from her sleep on the throne-like bed.
Ladomira "Oh, Derek... you certainly took your time. Who is this? The girl who thought she could stand her own against me?"
Iris (This woman is Ladomira, the Great Adulteress!)
This is their first meeting.
Seeing her foe still drawing breath fills Iris with rage as her hair stands on end.
But Derek and Ladomira just talk as though nothing is abnormal at all.
Derek "Yes. Her name is Iris Arcadia, and she was the general who led the Holy Kingdom of Aurelia."
Ladomira "Oh? This... underdeveloped girl? Well... what tricks can she do?"
Iris (Oh, this woman... What I'd give to strike her down here and now!)
She glares at Ladomira and clenches her fists.
But she must steel herself and keep her wits about her ceaselessly.
Ladomira suddenly sends a glance at Iris.
Ladomira "I asked what kind of tricks you can do. Answer when asked, Iris Arcadia."
Iris "Hnnng!?"
Her pulse surges as she hears her name in this woman's mouth.
Her blood pressure ascends, and her body temperature burns.
Iris (What... on earth does she mean?)
Her blood continues to boil, and her breathing becomes audible.
An unnatural ache takes root in her lower half.
Iris is dressed as revealingly as one might expect her to be while working in the Service Nation.
Iris (Is... this the tiefling magic Sera told me of? Well then...)
Iris bites her lips and tries to counteract the sensation taking hold of her body.
But her deception doesn't work at all.
She feels tingling inside her and pins and needles under her breastplate.
Iris "Hahhh, nghh, hahh, hahhh, nghhh... hahhh, ahhh..."
Derek "She is a wild beast who prefers to run on the battlefield rather than play at court. Therefore, she has not yet acquired the manners to please you, your majesty."
Iris "Kuh... I... I..."
Derek "But this time, to apologize for her poor behavior, I invited her to bring wine to your very lips, so you might imbibe with delight."
Ladomira "Oh, is that so? Very well. I shall drink as an act of accepting your apology."
Ladomira nods and smiles.
But her smile is that of a cat playing with a rat.
Furthermore, the kings, who have been watching the exchange between Iris and Ladomira from afar, tighten their circle before long.
King A "If it is the wine of Lady Iris, then I shall drink all I can stomach."
King B "The wine of her decanter must be that much more delicious."
Iris "Hnn... Acting like you have done nothing wrong..."
The kings of modest countries, all having sworn themselves to Ladomira, laugh together.
They don't even try to hide their immodesty before Iris now.
Despite having no say in the situation, she still is acutely aware of her desire to flee this place.
What's more, perhaps because she is under the influence of Ladomira's unusual powers, she seems to be able to sense even the gazes of the patrons on her skin.
Iris (Kuh... I need to focus. Just give them wine... Don't care about what is going on around me.)
While reinforcing her mental fortitude, a maid clothed in nothing more than undergarments produces a bottle of wine.
However, the bottle is received not by Iris but by one of the butlers standing by Ladomira.
Iris "Is... the wine not my task?"
Ladomira "Indeed. So, come here with haste and present yourself to me."
Iris "What? I don't understand..."
Ladomira "Oh, girl, you don't get it, do you? You are my chalice."
Iris "Hnn!?"
She finally understands the anticipation on the faces of the patrons.
They are anticipating the lasciviousness that Iris is about to be part of.
Iris (What... the...!?)
Ladomira "Come, come. Don't keep me waiting, girl."
Iris "Kfff... ngh, hahhh..."
Ladomira glances at Iris again.
That alone makes Iris's lower pussy ache and spasm.
And there's more.
The male and female smells linger in the audience chamber. Those smells had previously been offensive to Iris, but they seem strangely alluring now.
It should be an unpleasant smell, yet it is captivating.
Iris (More tiefling magic? Hn... This is no good... I need to find a way out and fast!)
For the first time, Iris samples Ladomira's tiefling magic with her own body.
She feels a sense of danger growing, but once again a heat starts to burn between her thighs.
#04_iri002h_iri02
Iris "Ugh... kffff.... hnnnn!"
Iris disrobes as ordered, bent over and hand behind her back.
She presents her cunt, bowing her back.
Her undergarments stretch taut between her pussy lips.
At the sight of Iris, gasps and lowly laughter can be heard from those around her.
She feels as if her skin is being licked by the eyes of these disgusting patrons, and she shutters.
Even though the sensation should be unpleasant, Iris now feels a new hunger in her body.
She does her best to conceal this from Ladomira.
Iris "Like... like this?"
Ladomira "Yes, about like that. This is an appropriate posture for a defeated commander."
Iris "Kuh!"
Ladomira smiles pleased at Iris, causing Iris to grind her teeth.
The laughter of the patrons stings Iris as she recalls how they had all sworn to help stop Ladomira.
Ladomira "Well then, take off that last rag too."
Iris "Hn... Take it off she says... Hnf..."
Ladomira "Well, of course. If you don't then your little garment would be in the way. But, if you can't do it yourself..."
Iris "W-Wait! I can do it..."
Iris rushes herself in response to Ladomira's pompous and vindictive tone.
She knows what might happen should she refuse or hesitate.
They might make Seraphina take her place or worse. She cannot allow that to happen.
Iris (Kuh... I can't believe she talks to me like that...)
While fortifying herself mentally, she manages to remove her underwear with one hand.
Iris "Kuh... hwaaah..."
Iris breathes through her clenched teeth.
She feels exposing her vulva thusly for all to see is just too shameful.
She feels herself want to cry as she peels off the last thin covering.
And yet, an indescribable sense of elation comes up.
A twisted pleasure in exploring the taboo.
Iris (What the? What are these thoughts doing in my mind?)
As Iris scolds herself internally, she notices Ladomira examining her pussy.
Iris "Hehnn!? What are you looking at? Hnn... ahh... hnn!"
Even with just Ladomira's eyes upon her, Iris already feels her loins begin to churn.
The more aware of her gaze she becomes the stronger the heat becomes.
Ladomira "Heh, looking you over, you remind me of a child. Your tits are still growing, and I bet your pussy is tight too."
Ladomira "Such a splendidly pink twat. I would wager you're a virgin too, aren't you?"
Iris "Huhhh... uhh... huh... uh!"
With each utterance of feedback from Ladomira, Iris feels the ache of her cunt loom.
Iris's stomach and inner thigh muscles contract at the sensation as if her limbs felt breath upon them.
Ladomira "Could such a small pussy fit Derek's giant dick? Has no one ever popped your cherry?"
Iris "That... is not relevant to you..."
Iris puts her obstinance into her voice.
But she knows it won't change anything.
With all the eyes upon her, she can feel the deeper parts of her cunt light up.
Iris (Don't fight now. It's not worth it. Ladomira is using her power... I must persevere!)
She grits her teeth at the unfamiliarity of this conflict. It is much different than meeting a man on the battlefield.
Beads of sweat avail themselves of her forehead.
Ladomira "Hmmm... You still look like a virgin, but... weren't you gang-raped by a bunch of Derek's soldiers?"
Ladomira "I wonder, do you know how many of their cocks were in your little cunt?"
Iris "I... I don't know... Uhh... hnn... uh..."
Ladomira "Then remember and see that image in your mind. See the hardness and heat of each cock... in the depths of your hole, the feeling that was pulsating, and the taste of semen pumped into your cunt."
Iris "Uhng... uh!"
Ladomira's whispers bring back memories of her disgrace.
The memory is like a nightmare. It ignites a fire in her pussy.
Her pink folds quiver and juices begin to dribble out of her.
Ladomira "Hah, hah, hah... Getting wet, are you? Not so childlike. Perhaps you're a woman after all. Just talking about cock is enough to get your pussy going."
Iris "Huhhh... uhh... khh... uh!"
Iris (Hold your tongue, devil! I am not that kind of woman, not like you, Ladomira... uh!)
Ladomira "Hahahaha... I'm sure this will make the wine taste superb."
As Iris grunts in frustration, Ladomira laughs happily and snaps her fingers.
One of her butlers steps forth with a bottle of wine.
Iris "W-What are... you going to do?"
Ladomira "You said you would serve me wine, did you not?"
Ladomira grins and gestures to the male.
Iris "Kuhh... hnn! Hyeahh... huhh!"
Cold wine drizzles down her steaming body.
Red wine stains her white skin.
The touch causes Iris to shudder in shame and let out a sweet sigh.
Ladomira "Good. I want it all over her tits. Her naval too. Everywhere it can pool."
Iris "Hnkh... Just... everywhere!? Hehhf... hyah! Aah... hyah!?"
The wine flows through her valleys like a red river.
Iris can feel the vibration of the wine spilling over her body.
Ladomira "Hahahaha... Take your time... with the last of it."
Iris "Hyehhnn!? Hahh... It's cold!"
The butler brings the flow of wine to her crotch.
The wine hits hard on her bare vulva.
Iris "Kfffffff... nahhh, aghhh, nghh... nghhh, nghhh, nghhhhhh..."
At first, she is surprised by the cold, but as the wine continues to drip down her slit, pleasure wells up inside of her.
Her hips writhe as the cold wine streams onto her hot cunt.
Ladomira "Aren't you happy to hold such fine wine? Why? You should feel nostalgic. I believe this vintage is from your home nation."
Iris "Hahhh, ahhhh... nahhhh, khhhhh..."
Iris (How dare she... ahh... try to... hnn... humiliate me even more...)
What should have been a familiar flavor is now an alien sensation as the wine is poured into her cunt while Iris grinds her teeth.
Despite her rage, the stimulation of the wine on her nether regions turns into a hot yearning.
Even though she knows that tiefling magic is at play, she can't stop the tears from her eyes as she despises her own sensations.
Finally, the bottle of wine is empty.
Iris "Hahhh, hahh, hahhh... nghhh, hahhh...! How's that...? Hnn, nghh, are you satisfied with this...?"
Iris puts in the effort to glare at Derek and Ladomira while she speaks.
Ladomira responds with a beguiling smile.
Ladomira "Hahaha... Well, it does look quite delicious, doesn't it?"
Iris "Hnkh!?"
Iris feels her heart shudder as she feels the tiefling's tongue upon her.
Iris (Hahh... Her tongue... is licking my body...? That long tongue is... Hnnn...)
Merely contemplating that Tiefling tongue makes her cunt grow hot and twitch.
As if to push the wine aside, juices overflow from her pussy.
Iris raises up to her tip-toes to give Ladomira better access so that she can drink it before it spills.
Becoming aware of what she is doing, Iris lowers herself back down once more.
Iris (What... on earth am I doing? What's wrong with me?)
Iris "Hnng! Uhh... kufhh... hnnn!"
She scolds herself and bites her lip trying to return to reason.
She stares up at Ladomira as if to say that if she wants it she has to come to get it.
Ladomira "Well then, time to add something special to mix it up."
One of Ladomira's butlers approaches her elevated cunt.
Iris "Hyaahh!? Why are you... hnn... licking... Hnnn!"
His tongue laps at her parted petals.
Her cunt quivers as the tongue opens her more.
The butler laps the juices from her cunt.
After licking her vulva over and over, he begins to tongue fuck her.
Iris "Hahhh, nghhh, nghhhh...! Not... there... Nghhhh, nghhhh!"
The feeling of being licked for the first time makes her hips flutter.
Iris tries to plant her feet on the floor to resist.
She cannot deny the pleasure pierced into her by his red organ.
When she was raped by Derek and his soldiers all Iris knew was humiliation.
This rape is different.
Iris "Stop... ahhh, ugh... nghhh, khhh... I-If you lick... me like that... Ahhhh, hghhhh...!"
His tongue slowly licks up from her hole to her clit.
Iris lets out a cry as the tongue glides more carefully.
Iris (Don't you dare moan like that again! The enemy is near and watching! Ladomira is watching!)
Iris scolds herself in response to the pleasure she feels.
She feels eyes upon her, and when she turns to see who it is, she is met with Derek's condescending smile.
With a crack, Iris's chest is lit by a fire of shame and anger.
Iris "Kuhh! Hnnnff... kuffhh... hnnn... hmmph... hnn..."
Ladomira "Hahaha, why are you shaking like that? Is his technique not up to snuff?"
As if she were watching a delightful spectacle, Ladomira laughs at Iris for trying hard to hold back her boiling pleasure.
And Iris returns this with her rage-filled eyes.
Iris "Khh, uh... Don't say something so stupid...! Who could take pleasure from... hnn... such..."
Ladomira "Hahahaha... Oh, really?"
Iris "Seriously...! Who could... enjoy such shame?"
His tongue darts to and fro across her slit.
Much to Ladomira's satisfaction, she almost fails to restrain a moan.
Ladomira smiles upon the fly in her web.
Ladomira "Hmm... I must confirm if those words of yours are false. So, if I do this, you still won't enjoy it, yes?"
Iris "Hnnn!? Kuah... hahhh!?"
Her hips buck and tremble as the juices of her cunt are sent flying one lick at a time.
Her cunt burns from just being under Ladomira's stare.
Her heart flutters and her nipples become excruciatingly erect.
She loathes the waves of pins and needles sinking in from her nipples to her core.
Ladomira "Oh, sweet child. I think this little girl who thought she could play general is nearly spent. Look at her shake."
Iris "Uhh... hufhh... uhh... hukh!?"
She knows she shouldn't, but she can't close her eyes or turn them away. It is as if snared by Ladomira's gaze.
The more she is stared at, the more her crotch burns. It is clear that her slit is desiring more intensity from the way it wriggles.
Iris (This is... Hnn... I can't give in! Hnn... I mustn't... hahh... look at her eyes...)
No matter how much she reprimands herself, she can't get herself to close her eyes. She just stares at Ladomira's eyes with her own eyebrows knitted in agony.
Her womb pulsates intensely like it were her heart.
Iris "Hyahhhh, ah, ah, ah, ahhhhhhhh! This is, ahhh, too... ah, ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhhh...!"
Iris lets out a scream and shakes her hips, audibly bucking.
The hottest fire she has ever felt flares up from her cunt.
Spllllrrt! Pshhhhh! Pshhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hyaaahh, ah, ahhhh, no way! This is...!? Ahh, aahh... Why...!? This is so terrible... So damn terrible!!"
Iris is suddenly swallowed up in the tidal wave of climax with no means of resisting.
Iris pouts mournfully and spurts out a vigorous stream of clear juice from her protruding pussy.
Iris "Oh, what the!? No! Hell no! Make it stop! This is... Hooh!!"
She cries out in delicious agony as she reaches climax for the first time.
The thought of being seen in such a humiliating position by Ladomira, Derek, and the betraying kings who were supposed to be members of the Holy Alliance makes Iris even hotter to the touch.
Iris "Hah... ahhh... hufhh... ahh... ahh..."
Iris awakens from her climax and exhales roughly, her chest rising and falling loudly. Her whole body is numb, and she is still lightheaded.
Iris's eyes have been wandering somewhat uneasily, but now they're gradually coming back into focus. They suddenly light up with the light of reason.
Iris (Kffff... uh, uhhhh, khhhh...! Consumed by Ladomira's power... uh, I'm so... pathetic...)
Iris is consumed with self-loathing for her shortcomings.
Derek and the others seeing her like this makes her heart stop in shame.
What is more outrageous than anything else is that this body is still hot and tingling.
Ladomira's unusual ability certainly led her to a great climax.
But it was all with the least of touches. The butler had merely licked her, not even penetrated her cunt.
Even so, her nipples and cunt are aching so much that they hurt. Her pussy visibly throbs with desire and hunger.
Iris (Kuh... If you're going to make me cum this way... then... Wait... What the hell am I even saying?)
Iris is appalled by her own thoughts.
Yet the hunger swells within her body.
Her cunt continues to shiver and dribble as it leaks juices one spray at a time.
Iris shakes off the evil thoughts in her mind and stares up at Ladomira.
Iris "Have I... executed my duties... satisfactorily?"
Ladomira "Did you perform your duties? What the hell are you talking about? The wineglass will be needed starting from now."
With a scoff, Ladomira snaps her fingers once more.
A man with a new bottle of wine kneels just in front of Iris's crotch. The tip of the bottle is aimed toward her twat.
Iris "Hn... No... no way..."
Iris herself can't tell whether the tremor in her voice is fear or anticipation.
But the man quietly places the tip of the bottle between her pussy lips.
Shllllllllp! Shlllllllllp!")
Iris "Hnnng!? Ahyaaahhnnnn!"
Iris can feel her organ fitting over the irregular shapes of the bottle.
The cold sensation of the bottle entering her body sends tremors through her limbs as she tries to get away.
But reason reminds her not to run.
Her body, however, devours the stimulation, converting it into pleasure all at once just as a dry cloth absorbs water.
Iris "Huaaah, ahh, ahh! Ahh, hyah, hnnn... hah... hufh..."
Her cunt seems to welcome the bottle by tightening around it.
As he starts to pump it into her body, a feeling of debauched pleasure rushes up her spine.
The bottle is twisted and driven right up to her cervix.
Iris "Ahhhnnngg... That's... kyaaahh, cold! It's freezing my pussy!"
Iris "The wine... is, hnn... in the depths... hah... of my cunt... Hahahnnn! Ahhh!!"
Iris's cunt burns with hunger as the cold wine enters her.
She is immediately engulfed in flames, and her vision goes blank.
Iris "Aaahhh! No, stop! My pussy... is so hot... Ahh... I... I... Ahnnn!!"
Her hips jut forward to meet the bottle, pushing it in deeper.
She twists her hips, and as the wine pours onto her womb, Iris sucks down hot climaxes.
Iris "Nahhhhhh, hahh, nahhhh, hahh... ahhhhhhhh... ngh, hahhh, hahh, nghhhh... nahhhh..."
He pulls the bottle out, and her hips gyrate wildly.
Her fluids splat to the floor as her pussy contracts to try to stop the flow.
Iris "Hufh, hahhh, ngh, hahhh, it's so hot... Nghhh, ahhh... My head is also... spinning..."
She blushes and gasps as her face twists in agony.
The alcohol enters her bloodstream through her cunt, inebriating her deeply.
Her body gets lighter as she gets dizzy.
Despite this, she can still clearly feel the tingling lust in her pussy.
Her cunt has its own throb and pulse as though it were a second heart.
She is acutely aware of the alcoholic contents of her pussy.
Iris (If it stays like this... I'll just... hah... be so drunk... But I...)
If she relaxes her muscles at all, then the wine will spill.
But the eyes of Ladomira, Derek, and the other patrons make it that much more of a challenge to persevere.
Iris "Nah, hnn... huffhh... hnn, ahhh... Is this... enough yet? I'm going to... hnnn...?"
Iris tries to suggest finishing when she notices the man moving toward her crotch.
Her pussy is still raised, and a wine glass is brought near it.
Iris (What are... you doing there now!? Hnn... Really? Really!?)
Iris "There's no way! That's impossible!"
Ladomira "Oh? What exactly is impossible?"
Iris "That's...! There's just no way..."
Ladomira laughs and seems eager to see what else Iris has to say.
But it seems perfectly feasible to pour wine from her cunt into another container.
The thought seems laughable to Iris.
Iris (Uhh... How... should I do this?)
Iris is running through her thoughts for a way out of this situation.
But all she finds are Ladomira's eyes upon her and the other patrons riled up by the prospect of the display.
And the cold, despising smile of Derek.
Iris knows he would be just as happy replacing her with Seraphina.
Iris (I... I have no choice... Hnn... I must do this... Hah!)
Iris desperately fights her body and mind, which are both trembling with shame. She pulls her hips back up high as she is about to fall.
Immediately, the patron's expectant and vulgar impressions and laughter boil over, and Iris's heart is gutted.
She can't aim as her legs tremble just by supporting her body weight.
Iris (Err... huh... How am I supposed to...? Kuhh... hn!)
She tries to reassure herself despite not being able to see the vessel.
She takes a deep breath and locks her jaw.
Iris "Suaaahh... kuhhffhuuhh!"
Plshhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hnnn, naaaah! Haaah, hnkh, kuhhhnh!"
A fountain of red is released from her cunt to the glass held by the butler.
Iris can feel the heat moving as her cunt depressurizes.
Iris "Hwaaaahh!? Hyaaah! Aaahh, hah, ahh! Haaaahhh!!"
Her hips buck as the wine flows out like piss.
Ladomira laughs contentedly at the sight, and the other patrons clap their hands in delight.
Ladomira laughs to the point of tears as Iris's pussy spews forth the wine.
Iris "Ahhhh... nghhh, kffff... nahh, hahhh... ngh, hahh, hahh, ahhh... ngh, hahhhh..."
Drops of wine drip from her open cunt.
Her head spins, and her body goes numb.
Even now she can only vaguely comprehend her situation.
Iris hears the laughs that confront her pitiful reality.
Ladomira "Hahahahahaha... You have, indeed, performed satisfactorily. Now I shall grant you a reward."
Iris "Uh... ah... hn?"
Iris's consciousness gradually awakens again.
The disgusting laughing faces of the patrons surrounding Iris are reflected in her eyes as he sees Ladomira with a glass of wine in her hand.
Thinking about where that wine has been makes Iris want to scream out in shame.
But Iris doesn't have that luxury.
Iris "Hehn!? Ah... ahh...! Why?"
One of Ladomira's butlers postures himself before Iris's crotch.
A hot, hard, virile cock is pressed against her wine-soaked vulva.
Numbness rushes up her spine. It is a strange pleasure that is both too hot and too cold.
Iris "N-No... Now... Aahh... No... if you put... ahh... that in..."
He kneads her pussy with his cock.
With only that, her fingertips go numb.
The sight of a slithering cock makes her cunt undulate.
Her pussy contracts and excretes juices and leftover wine alike, dripping like drool from her pussy lips.
Iris (N-No! I... I don't want this at all!)
She screams desperately in her mind, but her eyes remain stuck on the cock, unable to avert her gaze.
Ladomira laughs as she holds up her glass of wine.
Ladomira "Enjoy yourself, dear."
Iris "It burns! Uhh! It burns! I... I... Hwaaaaah!!"
The heat emitted by the cock sears her meat hole, and her whole body ignites at once.
Her cunt locks down on the cock, unwilling to release.
The cock drills deep into her slender slit.
Iris "Uwaahh!? Ahh... hwaah... ahh... hahhnn... hnn!"
Iris is drowning in the sensation of being pumped and split open.
The pleasure is too much for Iris, and while she cries, she pushes her hips against the butler, begging for more and more.
The surrounding patrons point and laugh at the sight of Iris like this.
The cognitive dissonance between her head and body is driving her insane.
Iris "Hannghhh, angh, anghhh! It's hot... It's so hot...!"
Iris "Haaahnn... haahh... hyehhnn... heehhnnn! Hnn! Ahn... hah!"
The wet and damp sounds of her pussy reverberate with each thrust from the butler.
She despises that her own body can make such raunchy sounds.
And yet, she feels indescribably good already.
Iris "Hwaahh... ahhh... Enough, already! I can't take it! His hard cock is going too deep! Aah!"
She grinds her hips and swallows the rod deeply into her pussy, screaming with pleasure every time the head of his cock hits her cervix.
She feels pleasure welling up inside her like magma.
Iris "Hahh... Enough... I can't stand it... any longer, hnn! I want it! Give me more! Give it to me! Heaaahhh!"
Shouting as if she's about to explode, Iris raises her collapsing hips high again and fucks back of her own volition.
Her sizzling cunt folds entwine around his cock, slapping loudly as if to encourage his orgasm too.
Sensing this, he begins to pump harder.
Her cunt inflames with each meeting of his cock and her cervix.
Her uterus lowers eager for more male sensation from the head of his cock.
Iris "Nhaaah! Hyaaahh! Aahhhh! Please! It's enough already! Please I'm begging you!"
The butler turns his back to see Ladomira's reaction as Iris flails.
Her affirming nod is all he needs to start thrusting into Iris even harder.
Iris "Ehyaaaahh... Incredible...! It's so good...! Hahhh... ahhh... ahh... I'm... going to cum!"
Iris's body twitches and spasms violently.
She goes on her tiptoes and pushes her hips up to the man in search of deeper penetration.
The butler gives her one coup de grace, going in as deeply as he can.
Gukgh!! Gsh!!")
Iris "Hwaaaah! Hyaahh... hnnng... hnnnn! Kuhh... ahhh!!"
Iris's body twists like a quaking bridge.
The intensity of the heat in her cunt explodes as the butler blows his hot load inside her.
His cock still pulsates powerfully, spraying white spunk with such force that it shoots through her cervix.
Iris "Nhyeaaaahhh! What the...!? No! No, I'm already----! Heaaahhhh! Oh, Goddess, no! Hyaaahhh!"
Iris "Oh, no! I'm... I'm melting! I'm melting!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhh!")
Iris "Ehyaaaaaaahhhh!!"
Iris screams and trembles as if his cumshot has pierced her brain.
Still skewered by his cock, her body jerks and spasms erratically.
But the feeling of her own climax is not enough to protect her from the sounds of the audience laughing.
Iris "Hyaahh... nyeaahh... ahh... hehh... kufh... hnn... hahh... huh..."
Spunk dribbles from her spent cunt as she struggles to breathe through the intoxication of her orgasm.
Her legs quiver unable to hold her position stably.
Ladomira "Hahahaha... How was it? Did you enjoy your reward?"
Iris "Nahh... ah, ahhh... Y-Yes... ngh, ahh... I'm satisfied..."
Iris answers without any filter.
The audience hall is once again engulfed in a whirlpool of laughter at the sight of Iris in this state.
Iris "Hah... ahh... uh..."
At the center of the vortex, Iris finally loses consciousness and collapses.
............
......
...
#04_iri003
Iris "Hn... I never thought I'd see something so wretched."
It has been one day since Iris succumbed to Ladomira's lewd powers.
She is restless as her mind and memories torment her.
Only now does she realize she is on a bed in the room of her confinement, and she doesn't know how she got here.
In addition, she was unable to see Seraphina because she had lost consciousness.
Iris "Ugh... This is unimaginably terrible."
Her self-image is so much less than it once was.
She is haunted by so much of what she has said and done.
Iris "Can I... stand alone against that force?"
She doubts her fortitude and whether or not she can endure the next time.
Unless some measures are taken, the same folly will be repeated.
Iris "I'm so pathetic..."
She mocks herself for not being able to do anything on her own.
She is consumed with hopelessness after just a single humiliation.
Iris "To hell with it all! How can I be so completely impotent!"
She scolds herself and pinches her face to snap out of this funk.
The pain reclaims her overwhelmed heart.
Iris "I will not relent to the Service Nation. I will escape this fate! And...!"
She must rescue Seraphina from the clutches of this castle.
Her determination is renewed.
A few days have passed since Iris renewed her determination.
Iris "Damn it... how long are you going to make me wait!"
Iris paces back and forth across the room like a beast trapped in a cage.
She has heard absolutely nothing from Derek or Ladomira in the past few days.
All she can do is wait in the room she's been given.
Iris "And further, Sera..."
She grinds her teeth and exhales to calm her indignation.
She clenches her fists and shakes with frustration.
Iris (I shouldn't... It must be his tactic to irritate me like this.)
She can see Derek clearly in her mind's eye.
As a general of the Service Nation, he has burned villages and razed whole countries while taking whatever he saw fit to take.
Iris stood no chance against either his sword or cunning.
Iris "But... as long as I have this life, I haven't lost yet... I will... have my revenge on that bastard!"
To this end, she will endure any disgrace. Iris will face any shame if it may bring her closer to victory.
She has no care regarding what her own fate might be.
She will take back Seraphina. That is all she knows for certain.
She hears approaching footsteps.
They're heavy, confident steps.
Guessing who it might be, Iris glances toward the chamber door.
Iris "Derek Rondo..."
Derek "You've sure got a look in your eye for a creature no more useful than a wine glass. Have you already forgotten your place? Merely a fuck-receptacle on the table of degradation?"
Iris "Hnn!? T-The hell is wrong with you!? I was merely overtaken by Ladomira's powers!"
Iris's face blushes as the scene is brought up.
Despite knowing he is trying to upset her, Iris is ashamed of herself for reacting to his taunts.
Iris (How can you give into such cheap provocation!? I should be able to... Hn...)
She strongly rebukes herself again and tries to somehow calm her stormy, turbulent mind.
She knows to breathe with intent and let the heat of anger dissipate.
Iris "Today, must I answer Ladomira's call once more?"
Derek "No. I can't have you eating for free forever. I want you to work."
Iris "Understood..."
Iris pauses slightly but nods her head without objection or question.
Derek raises his eyebrows slightly and laughs.
Derek "You're sure? You didn't even ask me what the job was."
Iris "It doesn't matter... You must have already decided. I have to be prepared for anything."
She speaks quietly while looking up at Derek.
But her words are outlined with subtle trembles.
She can't suppress a shiver going down her spine.
Iris (I will surely catch you off guard someday, Derek Rondo...)
Derek intends to crush her self-esteem and drown her in pleasure.
She plans to go along with it and play the loser.
She shows her resistance, but she will give in to pleasure and descend into dereliction.
Make him think she has fallen, and then stab Derek in the back at the last minute.
Iris lets her resolve sink deep into her chest.
As if seeing through her determination, Derek grins.
Derek "I appreciate quick talkers. Come, follow me."
With that, Derek quickly exits the room.
His back is so unprotected. At this moment, if Iris had a sword in hand, she knows she would strike him down.
Even without a sword, maybe if she aimed for his neck...
Iris (Ridiculous. If it were that easy to get him, I wouldn't have a hard time escaping.)
Iris kicks herself out of her shortsightedness.
If Derek were such a cheap opponent, Iris would not have been defeated from the start.
If she reveals her intent to kill him now, then she will be struck down without hesitation.
Iris (Now... I must bide my time...)
Derek "What's wrong? Still timid?"
Iris "Who would even...? Where are we going this time?"
The ridicule in his voice almost makes Iris want to raise her voice again.
She restrains herself and follows Derek.
Iris is taken to the red light district outside the castle.
It isn't hard to find women in provocative garb dragging some patron into their din.
A man walking with a woman is proudly rubbing her breasts, taking her arm, and letting her fondle his crotch.
The city is full of women who sell their bodies and patrons who buy them.
They all part like a sea as Derek walks.
Iris "Who would you have... me serve here? Or... am I to serve you?"
Her nerves still tremble despite how much she has tried to prepare herself.
Iris gulps and calls out to Derek while curling herself up in an attempt to escape her embarrassment.
Derek stops, looks back at Iris, and laughs.
Derek "Indeed, you have a good face and a known title. Should I put you on the streets, you would have customers in queue all day."
Derek "But it's a little too much for a would-be-maiden such as yourself."
Derek "You have not fully mastered the arts required to satisfy your clientele. And we must maintain your nobility."
Iris "Hnh!"
Walking around this area, Iris feels her skin crawl with all the eyes that are upon her.
The amorous eyes of the men around her are beyond what she can stand.
Iris "So... what do you intend for me to do?"
Derek "You're going to learn how to be a whore."
Derek's smile deepens as he says this.
Iris must learn how to flatter a man. How to serve him with her hands, mouth, and body.
Derek expects her to learn a few hundred techniques to deal with her future patrons.
Derek "Fear not, we will proceed at a healthy pace and maintain your knightly pride. Keep that pride steeled up in your heart as you walk the path of becoming a whore."
Iris "Kuh, uhh... hnn!!"
Iris desperately wants to try her luck against Derek for wanting to turn her into a commodity.
Iris is determined to do anything even consume filth if it gives her the chance to strike at Derek.
Iris "As you wish... I will learn the handiwork of a whore."
Derek "No, today you will actually learn oral techniques."
Iris "Oral... techniques..."
Iris immediately understands Derek doesn't just mean speaking.
She gently touches her lips with her fingertips.
A small shiver runs down her shoulders at the tantalizing sensation.
Iris (I understand thus...)
She starts by telling herself that it'll be too easy.
She will walk this path with Derek so she might strike him down at the last moment.
That's how she will save Seraphina.
Iris (But for now...)
Iris must force her legs to continue as they resist each step.
Soon enough, it will be obvious she underestimated her ordeal due to her naivety.
#04_iri004h_iri03
Iris (Ugh... Really? In a place like this?)
In a room only large enough for one person, Iris kneels down before a hole in the wall. She is unable to hide the unease from her eyes.
She must serve any cock that protrudes from the hole.
It seems that this shop specializes in oral sex used by patrons who do not have the money to buy a woman properly.
Iris (What a miserable reality... What is wrong with all these people?)
Iris believes that the fellowship of men and women is a sacred act only for reproduction.
Not something for trade.
Such stores are operating in the castle without a care in the world. She realizes once again that this country is insane.
Iris (That's why men in this country, like Derek, are so warped... We have to make it right and fast...)
As she is thinking this, a brownish object suddenly pokes out from beyond the hole.
Iris "Uhh!? O-One was really stuck through..."
The cock stands straight up, the rim around the head flared.
Iris frowns at the thick odor stinging her nostrils.
Iris (Does... Does this person know no shame?)
Morbid curiosity pulls her gaze toward the filthy dick sticking out of the wall.
Iris (I can't believe... I have to put this wretched bit of a man in my mouth.)
Iris (This size... is it normal? Compared to Derek's... No! Why would I even want to remember that!?)
She shakes her head at the memory of her own humiliation.
As Iris hesitates, the man across the hole bangs on the wall as if to hasten her.
Iris (I just have to put it... in my mouth... right? I get that much...)
She tries to clear her throat of nerves and shame.
The cock smells extremely unpleasant as if it has been boiled down to the smell of thick sweat.
Iris (I have... I have no choice!)
Iris slowly stretches out and brings her face to his cock.
Iris "Lckkk... lckkk, nghhh... hahh, hahh, hahhh... ngh, hahh, hahh..."
When she touches it with her tongue, she is overwhelmed by its bizarre flavor.
In addition to the bitter and salty taste, the fishy smell that sticks to the back of her nose makes her tongue stiffen.
Iris (Uhh... So foul... What is this flavor? Hah... But... I have to lick it... uhhh...)
Telling herself that this is all for the greater good, to catch Derek off guard, and pave the way for Seraphina's rescue, she manages to keep her tongue moving.
Slowly licking the head of his cock as if stroking its fleshy shape, she traces under it with the tip of her tongue.
Iris "Hahhh, hahhh... muah, lckkk, lckkk... ngh, lckkk, lckkk, lckkk... ngh...?"
Though she isn't very skilled, the cock is still responding positively to Iris.
The head of the cock swells greatly, and transparent cum oozes from it.
Iris (What is... this fluid?)
Iris licks the head of the cock over and over again to clean it even though she is still disgusted.
In response, the cock grows stronger, rises higher, and looms larger.
Iris "Glgg... ngh, hahh, hahh... hahh..."
Iris gulps at the sight of the pulsating veins, twitching and quivering.
Iris (It's bigger and throbbing... Does this mean it feels good? Does it... want more?)
She never dreamed there would come a day when she would be doing this.
At the same time, Iris is distraught and lost. It's enough to make her want to cry.
Iris (I have resolved... to surf this sea of shame!)
Summoning her determination, Iris takes a deep breath and opens her lips as best she can.
Iris "Hmmm... ahhmmm... hnnng... hmm! Guhkk!? Ohhnnmm... hnnn!"
She closes her eyes and softly nibbles on the cock of the unknown male.
Just by sucking the head into her mouth, the ripe smell pierces her nose and penetrates her brain.
Iris "Heaaoohh... ohhh... uhnngg... bahh!"
The feeling of the cock touching her lips, tongue, and cheeks is simply disgusting to Iris.
It seems soft but the core is hard and so hot that it is hard to believe it is human skin to her.
Iris (Oh, Goddess... what is that taste? It makes my eyes sting. It's wretched... and disgusting!)
The sheer horror of it all gives her goosebumps all over her body.
The discomfort makes it impossible for her to keep her lips closed, and drool drips from the edges of her mouth.
Iris (Uhhh... Now... in my mouth... Hnn... It's like that time... Hn...)
Iris "Hnnn... hnnnh... hnn... hnn... uhh!"
Puckering her lips, Iris rocks her head back and forth, trying to remember how her mouth was raped when she was gangbanged.
A chill runs down her spine as her lips and tongue rub against his cock.
She tightens her lips to resist the urge to spit the cock out.
Iris "Nghhh, nghh, sllllrrrrp... sllllrrrrp, muah, pah, sllllrrrrrp... slllllrrrrrp...!"
Saliva naturally overflows as she lets his cock move in and out of her mouth, and the obscene sound of her lips smacking against his cock echoes through the small room.
But Iris's oral whoring is nothing if not unskillful.
She just sucks the head of his cock into her mouth, constricting her lips and working the top part of the rod.
Iris "Sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrppp... bahhhh!?"
Perhaps frustrated by the monotonous service, the patron also rocks his hips and suddenly screws his cock deep into her.
A guttural moan escapes as her throat is raped.
Iris (Deeper? Really?)
Iris is about to spit it out and protest, but she guesses the man's intentions from the movement of his cock.
Iris "Hnff... hurffhh... uh..."
While holding the cock in her mouth, she breathes heavily through her nose.
She slowly swallows his cock, chanting in her mind that she has no choice but to finish quickly.
Iris "Bah, ngh, ngh, mm... mbfff, nghh... ghhhh, gack!? Ungh, mgffff!"
The tip of his rod rubs her tongue, and its hard head hits the back of her throat.
Tears and snot run from her face as Iris tries to hold down vomit.
The cock is not only filling her oral cavity but also filling much of her throat. It is pulsating so strongly that it seems like it will burst at any moment.
Iris (Damn... this sucks... Does he like this? Being jammed back there?)
Iris "Hnnmmm... hnn! Hnnnf... guhhh... hnn! Gack... hmmm... hnng!"
She shakes her head widely and sucks hard on his cock while her breathing is made obvious by her gasps for air.
She strongly works the cock from the base up as it jumps up in her mouth with a jerk.
Iris (It's taking so long to cum... Is this fucker even turned on?)
Iris "Gbfff, mbfff... gbfff! Bahhh, hbfff, slllrrrp, bah! Slllrrrp, slllrrrp, bahhh, sllllrrrrp... hnnn!"
Without wiping off the drool, she thrusts her head to bring the cock to climax faster.
A faint groan echoes from the other side of the wall.
At the same time, she is jittery, and the cock shakes powerfully in her mouth again.
Iris (Ahh... hahh... Soon! Just cum already!)
Iris "Slllrrrrrp, sllllllrrrrrp, sllllrrrp, sllllrrrrp, gbfffff! Hbfff, bahhhh, sckkkk, slllrrrp, slllrrrrrp...!!"
Knowing that the cock is nearing the point of no return, Iris begins to work it more enthusiastically.
She didn't need instruction as instinct takes over, and she opens her nostrils while working the cock.
Iris "Hahhh, mfff, hnghhhh! Sckkkk! Sckkk! Sckkk, sckkkk... hnn! Ngh, sckkkk, sckkkkkk!"
Bitter precum dribbles into her mouth.
To send him over the edge, she sucks the cock as deep into her throat as possible.
Iris "Nghhhh, gbbfffff, gmmmfff... ngh, ngh, muah, sckkkkk!"
Spllllrrrrrt, gshhhhh! Gshhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hnnnff!? Hnnng... uhhhgggnn!?"
A fishy, foul-smelling load of white jizz is sprayed into her mouth.
The heat is so intense that she thinks she might burn herself, and she quickly pulls her head back to escape, but she can't get away in time.
Iris "Gohfnnmm... guhh... huh... hnnng... goahkh... gekahhh!? Ahhnnngg... uhhh!!"
The cock bounces up as if it were leaping out of her mouth, and spunk erupts forcefully from it with each bounce.
The sensation of being hit in the cheeks with spunk and the indescribable fishy odor make Iris groan strongly.
Iris "Guh... hnnn... hnnngg... hmmmmffph... hnnn!"
Iris "Ahhhh... hahh... sckkkk... lckkkk, nghhh... muah... lckkk, lckkk... hnnn..."
After the ejaculation is over, he finally pulls his cock out of her mouth. His cock is covered with Iris's saliva and jizz.
She licks it off as if grooming it with her tongue.
Iris "Lckk... lckkk... ngh, lckkk... hahhh..."
Her skull is filled with the scent of the bastard as her mind grows distant.
Iris "Sckkkk... glggg... nghhh..."
A frustrating heat spreads through her chest as she drinks down the jizz that has been entwined with her tongue.
When she finishes licking the jizz clean, the man is satisfied, and his cock disappears beyond the hole.
Iris "Hahh... hahh... hahh... brppp... uhh..."
Iris "Hnn!?"
The air slightly clears around her.
Even though she is alone, Iris blushes as she belches.
Iris (I can do this... the first one wasn't very smooth... but I can do this.)
Iris encourages herself to do better without thinking about what the task actually is.
Then a second cock is inserted through the hole.
Iris (Hnn!? What... the hell?)
The shape of the head is different from that of the prior cock.
This time, the cock is erect, but most of the head is still encased by the foreskin.
Iris "Ugh... This fucking reeks..."
Iris squeaks as she realizes the severity of the phimosis.
His cock jumps up with a jerk as if begging to be served.
Iris "Uhhh..."
Iris (I have no choice! I won't back down, and I must do what must be done!)
Her face wilts as she confronts the sick cock once again.
Iris "Lckkkk... ngh, lckkk... lckkkk..."
Slowly, she drags her tongue across the foreskin.
Other than the strong odor, the sensation of her tongue against his cock is not significantly different from the phallic sensation of earlier.
Iris (This part is... quite a bit pinker...)
She notices the slightness of the head sticking out through the foreskin and tickles it with her tongue.
Iris "Lckkk, lckkk... ngh?"
With just a light touch, his cock jumps up strongly.
Iris "Lckkkkk..."
Iris follows the bouncing cock and runs her tongue over its head.
Iris "Ahh..."
When she tries to crawl her tongue over the head of his cock, for some reason he pulls back his hips and moves his cock away.
Iris (What...? Doesn't he like it?)
Somewhat uneasily, she observes the cock and notices that the skin has peeled back a little more than before. Perhaps due to her licking.
It's packed full of white chunks.
Iris (Uhh... That smell... It reeks... What a disgusting, unclean foreskin...)
Iris (Kuhh... My nose... it burns... but... I haven't even finished the second cock. I want to get this over with quickly...)
Iris "Lckkkk..."
As she licks the tip while enduring the smell, his cock jiggles and shakes.
Iris (It's bouncing around like crazy again... Is it not used to stimulation because of the skin covering it?)
Iris "Lckkk... lckkkk, lckkkk... lckkkk, lckkkk... lckkkk, lckkkk... lckkkk, lckkkk..."
Wanting to get it over with quickly, she interrupts her tongue to pull it completely back. She puts her hand on the base of the rod and tries to pull the skin down.
Man "Hyennnh!?"
Iris "Hnn!"
From beyond the wall, she can clearly hear a voice of anguish.
Iris (Oh, does that hurt?)
Iris "Hmmm... hannnh..."
Man "Ah!"
She tries to forcefully continue, but her patron screams again and pulls away, and she wonders what to do.
Iris (What the hell is wrong with him? I just pulled down his skin, and he's running away...)
Iris (It's caked with grime... How can someone take such a filthy thing in their mouth?)
Iris "Hnnmmm!"
Iris "Hnnngg... muhhh... huh... hnnnff... huhh... hmmmf... huhh... uh!"
The moment she sucks it into her mouth, his mouth is filled with smegma, and she feels like she is going to vomit.
Iris smears her spit in the space between the head of his cock and his foreskin.
Iris (That smell... is so foul. I think I'm going to pass out... I can't believe there are chunks of smegma in my mouth...)
Iris "Slllllrrrrp... lckkk, sllllrrrrp... sllllrrrrrp, muah, gpfff, sckkkk...!"
As she gradually works the skin back, chunks of smegma melt in her mouth.
Still, while pressing her tongue against his cock, she moves her head back and forth.
Iris "Sllllrrrrp, sckkk, hahhh, sckkkk...!"
Man "Hyah... ahh... Just... a little..."
Unable to bear it, the patron pulls his hips away, trying to escape.
Irish thinks little of it and gave chase.
Iris "Sckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!!"
She sucks the whole thing all the way down to the base into her mouth and feels the foreskin give way.
Iris (Okay! It pulled back!)
She feels strange for feeling accomplished in this act.
She feels like she'll finally be able to get him off now.
Sppplllllrrrrt, bshhh! Bshhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hmmmg... uhh!? Hmmmff... hhaahhh... hmmm... khmmm... uhhh!?"
Suddenly, the cock seems to quiver frantically, spraying white fluid into Iris's oral cavity.
White, hot, sticky, smelly cum sprays into her mouth.
Iris (Hnnngg!? Cumming already? All I did was peel back that rancid skin, though...)
She manages to catch the spraying cock with her mouth before it is too late.
Iris "Kekh... hhahhh... oooh! Naaah... hahh... hnn... hahhh... Seriously... mmm..."
She coughs as she pulls the cock out of her mouth.
The suddenness of the spray left cum sliding down her throat because she was mentally unprepared.
Iris "Aahh... hahh... If you're gonna cum... get it over with..."
Iris "Oh? Finished?"
Before she can clean the cock off, the patron has already run away.
Iris doesn't completely comprehend what's going on, but she's glad number two is finished.
Iris "Hufh... hnn... hah... haahhhh..."
Cloudy spunk dribbles out with each sigh.
She coughs with a dry throat.
She has no idea how people survive like this.
She is surprised when the thought of escape comes to mind.
Iris (But... Sera...)
She would never forgive herself for escaping alone.
Regardless of what happens, she has no choice but to drink down the shame.
Breaking her concentration, Iris hears another approaching.
Iris "Huh?"
She verbalizes her surprise when she sees cock number three.
Unlike the last two, this one seems to be hard but doesn't have any bend to it.
Iris (Maybe... he's an old man?)
Iris guesses such from the grey pubic hair and dry skin she can see through the hole in the wall.
It makes sense to her that if the patron is decrepit his cock might not be able to rise to the occasion.
Iris (What the hell are you doing here? This damn country...)
Iris lets out a melancholic sigh as everyone here is bound to their carnal desires.
At the same time, there is a knock on the wall as if hurrying Iris.
Sighing again in frustration, she pulls her face up to his shriveled cock.
Iris "Hmmm... ngh, kff... ngh, mmm, mmm..."
She takes the withered member over her lips and into her mouth.
Iris "Slllrrrrp... mmm, pahh... muah... hnn..."
She assumes the strange bitter and salty flavor is due to age.
She has no idea how he isn't ashamed of presenting such an organ to another person.
Still, she forces herself to turn her attention to his aging cock, knowing she must continue.
Iris "Hmmm... slllrrrrp, sllllrrrrp... ngh, hahh... hmmm... mmmm..."
While enduring the wretched taste, she carefully stimulates the cock by sweetly nibbling on it with her lips and twisting her tongue around it.
Iris (Hooh... Has it gotten engorged?)
Feeling the cock respond, Iris begins to thrust with her head.
Iris "Hmmm... hmmff... huhhn... hnnn... huh... hhh... hmm... huh... uh..."
Iris "Pahhh... hahh... hnn... hahh... haaahh..."
Threads of saliva fall from where the cock connects with her mouth.
She can sense that this cock lacks the vigor of a younger one.
Iris (Maybe... this is normal for a fucking geezer.)
She feels sorry for the old bastard, still succumbing to sexual desires at his age.
She almost lets out a sigh, but she has no choice but to do this now, and she extends her tongue to the old man's erect cock.
Iris "Lckkkk... lckkk... nghhh, lckkk... sckkk, lckkk... lckkkk, lckkk..."
She is able to use her tongue somewhat more calmly than with the first two. Perhaps because it is the third, and she has grown slightly more accustomed to the routine.
She tickles his urethra while running her tongue around the head of his cock.
Iris pays close attention to how his cock reacts since she has no face to judge the reactions of.
Iris "Lckkkk... lckkk, lckkk... lckkkk... ngh, lckkk, lckkkk..."
With a large outstretched tongue, she repeatedly licks the rod from top to bottom.
His cock pulses from the stimulation, but it also feels underpowered.
Iris (Well... at least I can tell it feels good...)
Iris opens her mouth wide to try to work the cock better.
Iris "Sllllrrrrp... kpfff, nghhhh... mmmm... hnn..."
She sucks his dried-up dong into her throat.
She can tell he is satisfied by how it jerks and throbs in her mouth.
Iris "Hmmm... sckkkk, sckkk... sckkkk... nghhh, hahhh... sllllrrrp, sllllrrrp... hnnn..."
She works the cock with her constricted lips. When she exhales, she wriggles her tongue and tickles his rod.
Iris "Mffff... nghhh, nghhhh, muah... sckkkk, ngh, sckkkk, sckkk... sckkkk, muah..."
Iris (He's witching like this... so it must feel good... Hnn... hahh... I... huhnn...)
She feels a heat building up in her loins and reflexively squeezes her thighs together.
Then, with a jerk, Iris stops moving, her shoulders shaking.
Iris (What the...? What is going on in my mind?)
Iris is shocked at her own inner dialog.
But the sensations in her cunt are clear to her.
Iris (Oh, no... why? That's... That's not possible!)
She believes it is the lingering effect of Ladomira's powers.
She desperately tries to form an excuse for the absurd reaction she is experiencing.
All the while, Iris starts to move her mouth over the cock.
Iris "Gpfff... ahhhh, npffff! Muah, sckkk, sckkk, ngh, bmffff!"
Her lips freeze on the cock.
Probably impatient with Iris because she has stopped moving, the old man continues the act by thrusting his hips.
She's choking on his cock as it sits in her throat, but somehow she gradually feels more turned on.
Iris "Hnnff... kuh... hmmm... ahhnnmm... hnnn... uhhf... uhh!"
She hears a small sound come from the geriatric patron. Perhaps he is enjoying himself she thinks.
Iris "Hannnmm... hnnmmmmff... huhnnn... hnnn!"
Iris (No! Stop it! I could never be that kind of harlot!)
She turns her mind away from her cunt to think about the cock in her mouth.
She sucks on it with more vigor, hoping it will end soon.
Iris "Sckkkkk, sllllrrrrp! Sllllrrrp! Bahhh, slllrrrp, sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrp!"
Her lips audibly slop, and her cheeks cave in as she sucks on the cock.
She focuses, working the shaft inch by inch with her lips.
As she accelerates her blowjob, she can feel his cock quickly becoming stressed and taut as it approaches the point of no return.
Iris "Sckkkk, sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrp, mmmm, bnghh! Slllrrrp, sckkk, sllllrrrrp, ngh, muah, sllllrrrrp... hnn..."
Iris (Cum already! Get it over with! Before I go crazy!)
Iris "Sckkkkk! Pahhhh, nghhh, sckkkk, muah, sckkkkkkkk!!"
Splllllrrrrt! Splllllrrrrt! Bshhhh, gshhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hmmmf! Hnnng... hmm... hnnggg... hmmff... hnnn... haaaahh!"
White fluid releases with such volume and vigor that it is hard to believe that he is a geriatric old man, and her mouth is quickly filled with cum.
Spllllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Gshhhhhhh!")
Iris "Hmmng... uhhnnbb... uhh... huhhfh... hnnn... hnn... pahh!"
The sensation of hot splooge sloshing down her throat makes her body tremble with heat.
Iris also rocks her head slightly differently.
Still, the cock remains in her mouth, and she continues to take the overflowing flood of cloudy liquid, trying not to let any spill.
Iris "Hahh... hah... hahh... hnn... My jaw hurts... but... hahh... at last, that's three down..."
Iris tries to catch her breath, but her heart rate cannot be calmed.
Her whole body is flush and beaded in sweat.
Iris "Hahh... hah... hnkh... ahhf... ahh... hahh... hnn..."
In thoughtless movements, Iris traces her lips with her fingertips.
Shivers of pleasure ripple across her form. It is not just her lips that go numb but her nether regions as well.
Iris (My lips... are becoming sensitive... My whole body... is aroused... It's like I'm on fire...)
Iris "Hah... What has happened to my body...?"
She shakes her head in sorrow and lets out a weak sigh.
She believes this must be Ladomira's powers at play.
And she must not give in.
Iris "I'm not such a... whore..."
She whispers this to herself.
Once more she senses a presence behind the wall.
Iris (Again...? How... are they all so different?)
Trying not to feel like a perv, Iris stares at the next cock.
She thinks it is long but is more stunned by its girth.
Iris "Snfff..."
She sniffs the air.
Iris (Ugh... Why do they never wash? Still... better than the foreskin guy or the geriatric...)
Iris "............"
Iris (Ekh... Why am I thinking about such nonsense?)
She observes the cock seriously and shakes her head in panic when she realizes she is even appreciating the smell.
Iris puts aside her superfluous thoughts and sets about her business, knowing that she has to do whatever is ordered of her.
Iris "Lckkk, lckkkk, ngh, lckkk, lckkk... muah, ngh, hahh... lckkkk, lckkkk, lckkk..."
She plans to do it just like the previous two, starting by licking the head of the cock.
Sure enough, when she tickles the tip with her tongue, it makes the cock tremble.
Iris (That's it... He surely must be feeling pleasure... right?)
Iris "Muah, ngh, lckkk... sckkkk, lckkkk... muah, muah, lckkkk, lckkkk..."
She moves her tongue slightly over the rim of his cock's head.
The cock throbs, and she can hear his body tremble on the other side of the wall.
Next, she stretches out her tongue.
Iris "Ngh, lckkkk, ngh, muah... lckkkk, lckkk, lckkk, sckkkk, sckkkk..."
She smears her spit all over the head of his cock.
His cock stands up more erect and dribbles precum.
After confirming this, Iris looks up at the patron behind the wall, then opens her lips wide.
Iris "Hanghhh... ngh, pahh... ngh, muah... ngh, ngh, nghhhhh..."
Her whole mouth is made full of cock as she struggles to breathe.
She has to open her mouth wider than before she can start working the cock with her lips and moving her head back and forth.
Iris "Slllllrrrrrrp, sllllrrrrp, slllrrrrp, glppp!"
She polishes the head of his cock, rimming it with her lips. Droplets of spit and spunk fall from between her lips and gums.
Iris "Sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrp! Bahhh, sllllrrrrrp, bah, khnghhh, slllrrrp, bahhh... hnnn!"
As the log of a dong swells in size, Iris does her best to suck it in deep.
Iris "Slllllrrrrrrp, sckkkkk!"
She swallows the cock deeply to the root again and works it in small strokes with her lips contracted more tightly.
Her natural grace leads her to quickly master the oral arts.
Iris (Hnnn? Cumming already? Well, then...)
Iris "Sllllrrrrrp, sckkkk, sckkkkk! Sckkk, sckkkk, sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrrp!!"
She starts trying to finish the cock as she senses the climax might be soon.
Vulgar sucking sounds echo off the walls of the tiny room.
Iris "Sckkkkk, sckkkk! Sllllrrrrrp!!"
As if to match the sound, the thick cock pulsates powerfully.
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhh, bshhhh!")
Iris "Hnnn... hnng... gokh! Huh... hahh... hmmmff... glgggg..."
Because she is prepared, she isn't surprised when he blows his load.
She swallows the spunk as she works the cock slowly in her mouth.
Iris "Glgggg... glgggg, kpfff, hahhh..."
Her body trembles at the feeling of jizz passing through her throat.
Iris "Pahhh... hahhh, lckkk... muah, sckkk... lckkkk, sckkkk..."
Iris "Lckkkkk... lckkkk, lckkkk, sllllrrrrp... muah, lckkkk... muah..."
After the cock ruptures, she cleans up the head of his cock and swallows all the jizz in her mouth.
She finds the way the cock squirms to be odd.
Iris "Hahh... hnn... brppp..."
Once she is alone again, she belches loudly.
She is not ashamed and merely stares at the hole in the wall waiting.
The disgust and humiliation that she had felt so intensely at first have now faded considerably.
On the contrary, she doesn't even find it challenging to bring his cock to orgasm.
Iris (Uhh... this makes me... feel like a real whore...)
She remembers that she is only there to please her patrons.
Iris "I'll find a chance... I'll find a way... to get that bastard... Oh, Sera... Hahh... ahh... No... that's..."
Muttering, Iris finds herself rubbing her thighs together, and she lets out a moan.
The rapid adaptation of her body to the obscenity of the act is frightening to Iris.
As she contemplates Ladomira's powers, another cock avails itself.
Iris "Hnn... uhh... ahh... hahh..."
In the narrow room, the male scent is overbearing.
Iris can now determine how the cocks smell similar yet different.
Iris (At first, I thought they smelled so bad... No... they do smell disgusting...)
She ends her consideration and returns to the cock at hand.
The patron's already fully erect dick is shaking and jerking as if begging to be served by Iris.
Iris (Hah... I know... I have to serve the men here... I have no choice...)
Iris "Lckkkk... lckkkk..."
Iris is afraid of the change in herself, but she continues to serve the cock before her, using her tongue as she has grown used to.
A few hours later...
Iris "Lckkkk, sckkkk, sllllrrrrp, lckkk... slllrrrp, sckkk... sllllrrrrp!"
Iris is still in the dim, narrow room, sucking whatever cock sticks out of the hole.
Her mouth is frothy white, and her face and hair are slick with jizz.
The room is filled with the smell of cum, and nothing else is discernible.
Iris "Sllllrrrrp, lckkk, lckkk, lckkkk..."
Spit and jizz run down her face as she bobs her head.
She doesn't even bother to wipe it away as she licks the cock. She is acting completely differently from the beginning.
Iris "Sllllrrrrp... lckkkk, lckkk... hahhh, hahhh... lckkkk, lckkk... hnnn..."
Her tongue and jaw are exhausted and her whole body burns with fatigue.
But without stopping her movements, she licks the head of his cock in a manner so that her tongue wraps around it, sucking the head into her mouth.
Iris "Slllllrrrrrp, lckkkk, lckkkk... mffff, ngh, muah... sckkkk..."
Iris (Ahhh... uhh... My body... hnn... is hot... Why am I...?)
She has sucked and drank the jizz of ten cocks so far.
Even though she has been continuing this filthy act and even though exhaustion is building in her body, the aching in her loins just grows stronger and stronger.
Iris "Lckkkk, lckkkk, lckkkk... sckkkkk... lckkkk... anghhhh... ughhhh, hahh, hahhh..."
She wiggles her hips lewdly, and in between servings, Iris herself lets out moans of agony.
Iris (Did he...? Did Derek know that I...?)
Iris "Hahhhh... hahhhh, hahhhh... In that case, uh, ahhh..."
She desperately works her tongue while trying to focus on catching her breath.
She reminds herself that she would never want to do anything Derek orders her to do.
Iris (That's right... anything he could ask me to do... I would hate it...)
After trying to rouse herself, Iris opens her lips wide again. They're still smeared with jizz.
Iris "Hahhhh... sllllrrrp, mgffff...!"
Even after so many cocks, anytime the head of a cock is in her throat she feels like death.
Yet she endures, bringing the cock in deeper as she bobs her head.
Iris "Sckkkk, sckkkk, sllllrrrrp, sckkkk, mbfff, hbfff, slllrrrp, slllrrrp!"
Anytime she opens her lips even slightly, the obscene sounds of her blowjobs echo through the small room.
She knows the sounds make her patrons more aroused.
Iris "Sckkkk, sllllrrrp, sllllrrrrp! Hnghhh, hahhh... sllllrrrp, sckkkk!"
Iris "Nom... nghhh, ugh, bah, ungh..."
Not just with her lips and throat but her tongue too works the underside of his rod, and she uses the meat of her cheeks to bring extra pleasure.
She is a studious apprentice whore working to master her skills in just one night.
Iris "Sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrp, lckkkkk, sllllrrrrp! Hahhh, nghhh, sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrp!"
When groans start on the other side of the wall, she picks up her pace.
Iris "Sllllrrrrpp, kbfff, bahhh! Hnbgh, slllrrrp, sckkk, kbnghh!"
Iris (Come on... Go ahead... Get it over with... Just hurry up already! Give me your damn cum!)
Her lips pucker as she moves her head back and forth faster.
Iris "Slllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrp! Hnghhh, nghhh, sllllrrrrp, nghhhh, sckkkkkk!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhh, bshhhh!!")
Iris "Hnnnnffuhhh! Hmmmmuh... hnnnff... hnnnn!!"
As she takes the load down her throat, a groan escapes through her nose.
She does not jerk her head away. Rather she keeps his throbbing cock in her mouth as she slowly swallows down his load, savoring every drop.
Iris "Slllllrrrrp, glgggg! Mfffff! Hahh, sllllrrrrp, sckkkk! Sckkkk!"
Bshhhhhh! Gshhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hmmm! Hnnnnff! Hn... hnnnn... hnkh... glgg... pahh... uhh!"
She drinks down his spunk, and her mouth is once again filled with it.
With each cock, Iris feels her pussy burn stronger, causing her body to tremble.
Iris "Mffff... hahhh, hahh... hahhh, hahhh... lckkk, lckkkk... ngh, sckkk... glggg, nghhh... nahhhh..."
After he ejaculates, she cleans his cock off with her tongue.
She drinks down the mingled array of jizz and spit.
From the depths of her mind, she can hear a little voice questioning her actions.
Iris "Hahh, hahh... lckkk... lckkkk..."
But her tongue never stops moving.
Both inside and outside the scent of spunk permeates her deeply.
She no longer feels uncomfortable in this situation.
Iris (I can keep going... like this... until I get my chance... to strike Derek down...)
Iris repeats her vengeful intent to herself over and over again as she finishes licking the cock in her mouth.
............
......
...
#04_iri005
A few days later...
Iris "Today... blowjobs again..."
Iris grows melancholic as night approaches.
Every day Iris leaves the castle first thing in the morning, taken by soldiers of the Service Nation, and she is forced to serve patrons she never sees until she is brought back that night.
It's just a time of constant pain and humiliation.
And yet, the more she does, the more her skills improve.
That fact alone is enough to drive her to madness.
Most of all, Iris hates that her initial disgust for her continued rape is gradually subsiding.
It's beginning to feel natural sucking random cocks, and she even gets a sick sense of accomplishment by getting her patrons off.
That's what makes her more angry than anything else.
Iris "I guess it's just enough to make him... Derek... think I'm becoming more obedient, but..."
The idea that her charade is becoming reality makes her sick.
Iris exhales slowly and swallows her resolve.
Iris "I must not become as sick as these people. I must focus on my end goal. With my eyes set on that, I can endure any shame or humiliation."
She declares this emphatically and clenches her fists tightly.
In the face of adversity, Iris is once again burning with an indomitable fighting spirit.
The night of the day...
Derek "It's about time for you to learn a new skill."
After not seeing Iris for several days, Derek's announcement feels very sudden.
Frightened by what he may answer, Iris looks up and ask this of Derek.
Iris "What do you mean by that? Have I not been satisfying my patrons satisfactorily with my mouth?"
Derek "The once snotty brat is turning out to be a first-rate whore, isn't she?"
Iris "Hnn..."
She blushes with rage and contempt at his words.
However, Iris compartmentalizes her rage and accepts his challenge.
Iris "It seems, then, that I'll be making my brothel debut."
Derek "You're still a bit too green for that. Only whores of a particular caliber can work the brothels. You've got the looks but still lack the right skills."
Iris "Hn... What are you going to have me do?"
Derek "Sell yourself."
At Derek's answer, Iris wrinkles her brow in thought.
She understands what he has told her, but she can't imagine what he's actually indicating.
Derek "The brothel workers use their words and bodies to bring guests in from the street. So, you will be starting in the streets."
Iris "Huh... W-What does that even mean!?"
Her blood boils when she finally realizes Derek's intentions.
She is determined to endure being raped.
But she also feels there is no way she can get anything out of this situation.
Iris "How could I... do something so preposterous!?"
Derek "You will become a whore. A former knight of the Holy Kingdom will now be a mere whore with a price tag on her neck."
Iris "Kuh... hnn... huhhhh!"
She clenches her teeth and subdues her desire to pounce at Derek.
She knows if she is going to deceive him and get her revenge that she must do as he orders now too.
But she still doubts if she will be able to sell herself.
Derek smiles nastily as he sees Iris squirm.
Derek "I've got a carrot to hang before you too."
Iris is wary of what this carrot might be.
Derek just keeps smiling.
Derek "Your subordinates who resisted to the end have been brought to this country as slaves. The money you earn will be used to improve their treatment."
Iris "Hahh..."
This completely deflates Iris.
She is aware, of course, that Seraphina, Astrid, and the others are being held captive by the Service Nation due to their defeat in the war.
But it never entered her mind that even her subordinates had also been brought here as slaves.
As a defeated general, her failure is complete.
Perhaps she had focused too single-mindedly on Seraphina, but her subordinates are also her responsibility as a general.
Iris (Oh, please forgive me... I was never worthy...)
Regret cripples her heart as she thinks about her enslaved subordinates.
They are slaves to this Service Nation. It is not hard to imagine how they are treated. Proud knights are forced to do wretched deeds until they die.
How humiliating for them.
Iris "And what you told me just now... what you said... you mean it, right?"
Derek "Yes, of course. The more money you make, the better your subordinates will be able to eat."
Iris "Very well... then I shall do my damnedest to sell my body."
Through eyes filled with shame and hate, Iris stares at Derek.
Considering the humiliation her subordinates are being subjected to, how much more so would she be willing to sell her own body now?")
Besides, following Derek's intention in this way is in line with Iris's plan of trying to get him to let his guard down.
She believes if she endures then it will all work out.
Iris (Forgive me, Sera... I will find a way, no matter how long it takes...)
Iris gazes out the window, thinking about the one she longs for most.
Iris "Huhh..."
Today, the whore district is so crowded that one would have thought there was a festival going on.
The patrons are just looking for temporary pleasure, and the women are exchanging obscene smiles and words in hopes of coin.
From the second floor of a certain brothel, a woman offers a raunchy smile to a man below.
The man receives the smile, gulps, and walks through the door of the brothel.
Another patron is embraced by one whore and brought inside while kneading her ass.
If one looks a little outside of such a bustling area, one would find...
Iris "I see... I didn't notice it until now, but if you look at it like that, it is certainly..."
A woman can also be seen standing on the side of the street.
Then a patron walks up to her, and after a couple of words or so, they disappear, not into the brothel, but into an alley.
Doing it outside is cheaper.
Iris (Well, that's going to be me too from now on...)
Though she had steeled herself, Iris's legs still tremble.
She stabilizes herself with her hand.
Still, she keeps wondering if this was really the right path.
She can't help but wonder if she should take up the sword and fight to rescue her subordinates and Seraphina.
Man A "Hey there, sweet cheeks. Where are you from? I'll buy what you're selling."
Iris "Hnh!"
She reflexively glares at the sudden solicitor.
She reprimands the part of her that wishes to draw the sword she no longer has.
She reminds herself the best way to fulfill her rescue of Seraphina is to get in deep enough for Derek to let his guard down.
To what end will she endure humiliation and rape for that goal?")
Iris manages to force an awkward smile.
Iris "Heh, sorry... this... this is my first time... I'm a bit nervous, you see..."
Man A "Heh, heh, heh... Is that so? Don'tcha worry a thing, everyone knows I'm a gentleman. So, where we doin' it?"
Iris "Oh... I... I don't have a place or a shop..."
Iris turns her gaze toward the alley.
Surprise comes over the patron's face as he realizes what this means.
Man A "Even one as beautiful as you? Just on the street? Well, hell, just gotta make the best o'it I s'pose, heh, heh, heh..."
Surprise is quickly replaced by a sneer.
Iris feels her skin crawl as he licks his lips.
Iris (Don't you dare wuss out! You swore you could handle this!)
Man A "Alrighty then, let's make this a memorable first time, eh?"
Iris "Ah... Yes, let's... This way..."
Iris swallows her shame as she beckons the patron.
#04_iri006h_iri04
Iris "Well... okay..."
Man A "Heh, heh, heh, you ready then?"
Shaded by buildings, Iris produces her ass for the patron.
The patron laughs loudly when he sees her ass.
Derek wrote her price on her ass in bold script.
Iris (Uhh... Am I... really doing this? Hn...)
The sound of people's voices as they move down the street is unavoidable.
Her chest burns with shame as she presents her cunt out in the open like this.
She wishes it was a dream, but the air on her vulva reminds her it is reality.
With a heavy sigh, Iris looks back to her patron.
Iris "Is... everything alright?"
Man A "Hey, now... I know it's your first time and all... but is this really how you treat a paying customer?"
Iris "Uhh... khh... hnn..."
Iris's body trembles with shame because the man speaks like he is some kind of educator.
She pleads with her own heart to endure.
Iris (I have no choice... I have to do it... I have to do it for my subordinates... and for Sera... I can stomach this shame for them...)
She calms her heart and reaches her hands to her hips.
Iris "Well, what do you think? Wanna put your cock in here?"
She grabs her ass cheeks and spreads to give the patron a better view.
The cool air caresses her crotch as it sweats from the strain.
Her heart is racing and loud, the extreme humiliation makes her doubt if she can even stand up.
Man A "Heh, heh, heh, here? What do you mean when you say here? D-Do you mean this asshole...?"
Iris "Kuh... Why, you...!"
Man A "What's that!?"
The patron jumps back as Iris barks at him.
She never imagined that a person would want to fuck such an unclean hole.
He only gives her a light touch, but her whole body is instantly covered in goosebumps.
Man A "W-What's the matter? Don't you want to be bought? I-Is that how you act toward a paying customer?"
The man is frightened by Iris's response, but he still asserts his superiority.
Iris grinds her teeth as she tries to not strike him.
Iris "Khh... huh... hnmmmf..."
Iris feels her fingers go numb from the shame.
She loathes that she must subject herself to a man like this.
But she forces those regrets deep inside.
She just remembers who she is doing this all for.
Man A "W-What's wrong? Say something..."
He speaks with a shrill voice.
Iris releases her tightly clenched fist and slowly reaches for her buttocks again.
Iris "For-Forgive me... but this is the hole I have for sale."
She feigns a smile and spreads her slit.
The thick flesh of her vulva widens as she exposes the meat within her hole.
She shivers in the night wind. Despite this, Iris still feels the heat of his eyes on her cunt.
Iris "T-Take a look for yourself. D-Doesn't it look like it'll feel good?"
She struggles to hold back her sobs and shakes her hips to entice the patron to fuck her.
Once more a disgusting smile is painted on his face.
Man A "What hole is that, missy? Speak more clearly."
Iris "Hnnng... khh... hnn... khh..."
Iris has no idea how to do what's asked of her, but she cannot deny his request.
She clenches her teeth and spreads her ass again.
Iris "Hnn... Put your dick... in my cunt! Hnn..."
She is a beautiful maiden exposing her cunt as she asks for a man to fuck it.
The patron's lust naturally reaches its limits.
Man A "How could I turn down such an offer? I'll buy a round with your pussy, sure!"
He has no sooner finished speaking than already taken out his cock and grabbed her ass.
Mlchhhh... mlchhhhh! Shllllllp!!")
Iris "Gahh... kahhff! Uhh... hnngguhh!"
His cock splits her open with an audible tear.
Iris burns in pain as the patron drives his cock into her dry twat.
Iris "Khhf... hnnnnf... khkhh... hnnnh... naaah... hahh..."
Man A "Heh, heh, heh... Still really dry. It's just as tight as when poppin' a cherry!"
Iris "Hnnngg! Haahh... naaah!"
The cock screws all the way to the deepest parts at once while rubbing the soft mucous membrane as it audibly slurps and runs.
Iris raises her voice as her pussy aches with pain.
Man A "Heh, how tight are you? Like you're crushing my cock!"
Iris "Haahhff... hnn! W-Wait... Hnn... naahh... Still... a little... Hnn..."
He starts to thrust his hips as the pussy clamps down on his rod.
Unfortunately for Iris, her pussy responds by tightening like when she was deflowered.
Man A "Heh, heh, heh... Guess ain't nothing to be done. I'll give you some tenderness too!"
He brings his finger above their joining, moving to her clit.
Iris "Haaah!? Hahh... hahhff... hnnn... naaah... ahh... That's... That's... Hahh... khh!"
Suddenly, a numbness rips through the hot burning pain and pierces all the way to her brain.
The numbness jolts and shocks in time with his fingers.
Man A "Hooh, you like having your clitty toyed with, don'tcha? I can feel your twat loosenin' up!"
Iris "Khnn... nhyaahh... hahhff... khh... hah! Hahhh... Don't... touch there! Hnnng!"
As he kneads her clit, shocks run up her spine.
Iris can feel the pain in her cunt being overridden by pleasure.
It makes her want to buck her hips in time with the patron's fingers.
Iris (Uhh... What? Why? I hate it... I don't want to enjoy it, though... Hahhh!)
She shakes her head and rejects the pleasure, but she can't stop her hips from grinding when his fingers press and squeeze the bud of her flower.
Her pussy is quick to grow audibly wet.
Man A "Heh, heh, heh... Your pussy is an honest one, ain't she? Finally starting to warm up."
Iris "Kwaaah!? Ahhnngg... uhnn... naah... hahh... hahhhh!"
The patron starts pumping in earnest.
The sound of his front slapping on her ass echoes off the walls of the alley.
Iris "Ahhff... naaah... hannnh... No, stop! That's... too strong! Khnn! Hahh... hnn... Stop!"
The pain of her cunt subsides and is replaced by pleasure from both internal and external stimulation.
Even though she bites her lip to keep from doing so, hot pleasure begins to spread from her cunt as he thrusts harder into her.
Iris "Hnnguhh... naahh... hahhnn... naah! Ahh... No... No, I... I... Hahh!"
Man A "What are you talking about, whore? Your cunt is absolutely dripping!"
Iris "Ah, ahhhh, hahh, haghhhh! Ughhh, ungh, nahhh, hahhh! Ahhhh, not there... Nahhhh!"
Pleased by Iris's reaction, his thrusting and words become more vulgar.
From within her womb, the sense of a strange and uncomfortable pleasure swells.
As if to escape the pleasure, Iris stretches her body forward, but there is no escape for her, only grungy walls.
The stone wall is so cold that it makes her aware of the unwanted pleasure.
Man A "Speak up, whore! Don't you like my dick? How's your pussy feel? It feels good, doesn't it?"
Iris "That's... Hahh! Ahh... It can't be... What am I feeling? Hyaahhh!"
The flames of pleasure that burn and spread in the depths of her cunt sear through her shame, humiliation, and reason in red flashes.
The flesh of her cunt squeezes his dick softly and gently, unlike when it had been rammed in her dry.
Man A "How can you talk like that when I feel how tight you are on my cock? I know you want my cum!"
Iris "Ahhnnngg!? Kuhhnn... uhhh!!"
One strong thrust quakes through her from cunt to brain.
He keeps thrusting so hard that Iris loses all sense of reason.
Man A "Here we go! Gonna pump you full of this shit!"
Iris "Kwaaaahh... ahhh... No! I can't! Hnnn... ahhh... Let me go... Don't... not inside me... Haahh!"
Man A "I'm already goin' slow! Can't you tell!?"
Iris "Really!? Kuhh... ahhff... hahhnn... ahhh... hahh... hnnn!"
Disregarding her entirely, he begins to pick up the pace of his thrusts.
The soggy, wet membranes burn with blazing pleasure as their flesh mingles.
As if to welcome death, Iris looks up to heaven and grinds her teeth.
Man A "Hoooh! Here I go!"
Iris "Hnn... hnnnggghhuhh!"
He slams in as deep as he can and blows his load deep inside Iris.
Splllllrrrrt, bshhhh! Bshhhhhhhhh!")
Iris "Uhhnnng... ahhh, aaaahhh!!"
Iris's screams ring out down the alley as the man shoots his splooge into her womb.
As her cunt tightens on his cock, it spasms inside her, shooting more spunk with each twitch.
Man A "Oh! I think that's the last o'it! Thank ya much, you nasty li'l whore!"
Iris "No! I... I... Hnn..."
Spllllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Nhyaaaaahhhh!!"
He gives one last spray and thrusts into her cervix.
As her body goes into shock, Iris screams in heartbreak.
Iris "Hahh... hah... naah... hahh... hnnn..."
She leans against the wall and exhales roughly.
Spunk bubbles out of her cunt when he pulls his cock from her.
Man A "Heh, heh, not too shabby. I'll keep an eye out for you later."
He tosses some coins at her feet when he says that.
She doesn't know the market value for such a service, but she knows that he didn't pay enough.
Iris "Wait... is this all?"
Man A "Huh? I paid the price on your ass, dammit! Don't start bitchin' at me."
Iris "Naah... uhhnnngg... hnn!"
Her eyes narrow, and she clenches her jaw due to her hatred of Derek.
The payment makes her heart burn with rage.
Man A "Hey, you got paid, didn'cha? Ain't you got nothing to say? Eh?"
Iris "Guh... This makes me sick..."
She shoves down her anger.
Iris "Thank you... for gracing my lowly cunt... with your wonderful cock..."
Man A "Guh, heh, heh, heh... That's right."
After giving him what he wanted, words and all, he takes his leave.
To pleasure such a bastard makes Iris's heart burn with resentment.
Her heart hurts even more than her raped body.
But Iris is not even given time to agonize.
Man B "Hey there, sweet cheeks. Aren't you a looker, huh?"
Iris "Huh?"
Iris "Hnnnguhh! Waahh... ahh... hnn... naah... hahh... ahh... It burns! Hyeaaahh!"
Man B "Oh, this is sweet. Not many pussies can get this tight!"
Iris "Haahhff!? Haaahh... hahh!? So hard! And... big! Hahhhh!!"
After exclaiming about her grip, he immediately starts thrusting into her with vigor.
Iris's anguished gasps are overlaid with the sounds of flesh colliding with flesh and her juices being pounded into a gurgling mess.
Man B "Oh, I can tell you like this 'cause your pussy is getting even tighter!"
Iris "That's... Hnnng... ah! Ahhh... hahh... hnn... hnn! I... Hahh... I... Hnnngg... uhh!"
At an acute angle, he rapes her pussy as hard as he can.
Instantly, a shock runs through her entire body, and it starts to go numb.
Iris "Kuhhaahh! Hnnngg... uhhnn... naahh! Hahh... hahhh... That's... Hnngg! Uhhnn... No, impossible!"
She stretches to escape the pleasure overflowing from her womb and presses her body against the wall.
She finds it disgusting and unbearable to be fucked like this.
And yet, the exhilaration continues to well up as if an itch in an unknown spot has been scratched.
Iris "No... hnn... khh! Ahh... No way... I... Hnn... naah! I feel... something!"
Man B "Hey, hey, what are you on about? Moaning like that while your happy cunt is slobbering on my cock?"
Iris "Hyaaahh!? Khh... hahh... hehh... hynnn... hyah! Ahh... Wait... Please wait! So fast...!"
While rejecting him verbally, she grinds her hips in sync with his. She squeezes his cock with her cunt, sharing the pleasure.
Man B "Oh, this cunt feels great... It's like it's sucking on my cock!"
Iris "That's... Hnn!? I'm not... Hahh! Hahh... hnnn... uhh!"
Iris is greatly perplexed by the praise.
Iris (Not... intentional, but still... I get what works... I wonder how to do it right... but my cunt seems to get it...)
Thug "Kuhh... It feels so good! Even though you're that young, how used to cock are you?"
Iris "U-Used to cock!? I'm no such thing!"
Iris pouts in confusion again.
Being praised as a whore is an insult to her.
And yet...
Iris (Just, how? How can my pussy possibly feel good? How can it please him without me even being aware of it?)
The heat spreads through her body and she begins to breathe harder as her vision glazes over.
Iris "Hahh... hafhh... hnnn... naaah... hahhnn... hah! Hahhff... uhhnn!"
Iris can feel the cock quivering in her folds.
Even her own cunt is radiating heat.
Iris "Nhaah! Hahhf... ahhh... hahnnngg... khhh! Ahh... Stop! No! Stop it! Hahhn... hnn!"
Man B "Kuh! What the fuck are you talking about!? You're squeezing extra tight, damn it! I'm going to cum in you, just like you want!"
Iris "Khh... hnnngg... naaah! Aahh... ahh... No! Too deep! Too deep!"
Inching closer to climax, he pounds her cervix with the head of his cock.
The pleasure makes her hips buck despite her words, and her pink folds tighten tighter and tighter around his cock.
Man B "Hoooh! I'm going to cum!"
Iris "Haahhh... ahhh... No! At least... not inside! Ahhh... Oh, please stop!"
Man B "Uhhnnnggg!"
He roars as he slams the head of his cock into her cervix.
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhhh!!")
Iris "Naaah! Ahh... Don't cum! I said don't! Hyaaahh! Naaaahh!"
The swollen head of his cock shoots white ooze into her cunt.
Having been doused with jizz directly into her womb, Iris shivers back from the heat and screams to the heavens.
Iris "Hyeaaahh... hahh... ahhh! It's so hot! It's burning! It's deep... deep inside... Uhhh!"
Man B "Hoooh! I bet you can taste it!"
Splllllrrrrrrt! Gshhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hwaaaahh! Again... Hahh... I'm cumming... again... Uhhhhaaahh!"
His torrent of spunk washes away the seed from her previous rape.
The gush of cum burns her body and evokes a scream from Iris.
Man B "Come on, take it."
Iris "Kch..."
A few coins clink on the ground.
The same amount of money as the previous man. At best, enough for lunch.
Iris (This is... all I'm worth now... Hah... hah... hah...)
She half-laughs in her misery.
But she will take even the smallest sums. It all will go toward taking care of her subordinates.
Iris (So if I can... make money with this body...)
Iris looks back behind her, feeling the weight of her body grow heavy from exhaustion and the lingering tingle of being raped to the depths of her cunt.
The second patron has already departed and is replaced by an unkempt and vile-grinning third. A queue is forming behind him already too.
They're all trying to buy Iris.
Iris (Well... hell... just look at these bastards...)
Iris rouses her faltering heart and sticks out her ass.
Iris "Well... who's next? If you pay, you can... do whatever you want..."
She smiles while shaking her ass to entice the would-be patrons.
Slack-jawed, they laugh out loud.
Man C "Ain't every day I get top-shelf twat. Must be my lucky day!"
He smiles, showing his dental catastrophe.
In comparison to the first two, this one is definitely a vagrant. His reek swamps the air as he approaches.
For a moment, Iris frowns but immediately smiles again.
Iris "Hnn... hahh... That's right... today only... special deal... So, everyone can try my whore pussy... Hnn..."
Her heart aches at having to say such putrid words.
Iris claws at the wall, enduring the humiliation.
Man C "Heh, heh, heh... Well then... I think I'm gonna give this hole a shot!"
Iris "Hnn!?"
Mlchhh... mlchhhh! Mlkkkkk!!")
Iris "Hnnngg!? Heehhh... hah!? That's... not... my pussy!"
She feels the rigid head of his cock pressing on her anus.
It is a small hole that is tightly constricted and about to be forcibly pried open.
Iris "It hurts! Hnnnff... hnn! You're such a fool... It's so... so wrong... Uhh!"
Man C "Guh, heh, heh... I'm payin' so quit'cher complainin'! You're just a cheap whore!"
He grabs her hips with both hands and rams his rod into her ass.
Mlchhhh! Shllllk, shlllllllllk!!")
Iris "Hnnngaaahhh!? Hahhh... ahh... haahh... hyaahh... hnn... haaahhh!"
The head of his cock bulges in passed her sphincter.
He shoves it in all the way before she has time to comprehend the pain.
Iris "Gahh... kahh... hnnnkh... hyaaahh!"
She screams in desperation and gasps at the intense pain of the foreign object wrenching her sphincter open.
Her body is dotted with beads of sweat.
Iris "Hoaaahh... ahh... uuh... hnn... My ass... My... asshole... Gahh!"
The hole that is normally tight is being torn and left agape.
Her anus throbs and pulsates with pain. It is a pain that stabs into her lungs.
Man C "Heh, heh, heh, were ye' an anal virgin? Ain't ne'er had cock up in 'ere b'fore?"
Iris "Hnnnngg! That's not the right hole! That's where shit comes out from! No! That's... Hnnngg!?"
Feeling the head of his cock dig in deeper, Iris's vision turns pale.
Man C "Heh, didn't they teach ya that a 'ore has got to use her ass too, eh?"
Iris "T-That's... absurd!"
Without any regard for Iris, he continues to thrust his hips.
Iris "Gyaaah! It hurts! I can't... I literally can't... Fuck, you're tearing my asshole open with your cock... Gah!?"
Iris's forehead is deeply etched with wrinkles of anguish.
Whether being fucked in her cunt or ass, the feeling of a foreign body inside her is the same yet different and unbearable.
Iris "Kuhh... My ass... it burns... It hurts... It's too much! Isn't this enough? Just finish already!"
Trying to run away, she raises her ass as high as she can.
But she can't seem to shit the cock out of her.
Without intending to do so, the contracting sphincter muscles just make the cock feel better.
Man C "Heh, heh, heh... So fuckin' tight, yeah... I can tell your ass wants more fucking!"
Shllllllk! Glchhhhh! Shllllk! Blchhhh! Glchhhh! Blchhhh!")
Iris "Kuaaaah!? Aahh... hnnng... hnnngg... hahhff... haaaahhhyyy!"
Having been pushed deep into her rectum, his cock is pulled out all at once despite the contraction of her sphincter muscles.
Iris writhes with the same relief as after taking a massive dump.
As soon as she takes a breath, the cock is drilled into her ass once more, forcing a scream out of her.
She can't get over the shame of having her tight anus fucked with a thick cock in the same way that her pussy has been.
Iris "Hyaaahh! Ahh... huffhh... hahh! Hnnn... naah... hnnggg!"
Her anal lining strangles his cock as it thrusts in and out of her.
Her head flails as she writhes in pain.
Iris "Hnnkkuhh! Uhhnn... hnn... hnnkuaaah! Hahh... hyaaah! Hehh... hahh... Stop! Oh, please stop! Hnnn!"
Man C "What's that, sweet-cheeks? You wan'it harder? Faster? I think I can oblige!"
Iris "Hnnn... uhhh! Hnnnff... hwaaaaahhh!"
He starts to thrust harder and faster.
Iris presses her face to the wall as she suffers pain and the overwhelming feeling like she is shitting herself.
Her asshole burns unbearably.
She is nearly driven to tears as even though the vagrant is raping her ass she can still feel it in her cunt.
Iris "Guhnng... It's... I can't... Hah... My ass... Your cock... I just can't... Hnn!"
The cock thrusts in and out of her ass.
The pressure of the cock on her internal organs is nauseating.
Iris (I can't believe it... This can't be real... He's breaking me!)
The intense pleasure amidst the agony is just as bad as what she suffered with Ladomira...
That memory is now awakened in the depths of her body.
Man C "Heh, heh, heh... your whore ass ain't too bad, ya know? I think I'll just cum right inside of ya!"
Iris "Hyaaah! Haahhh! Hnn... haahhnn! Naah! Hoohh! Haaahhhnn!"
He starts thrusting more and more intensely.
Her sphincter clamps down harder and tighter on his cock.
Iris "Haahh... hyaahh... hnnn... heehhh! It burns! It's burning! My asshole is on fire! Hahhh!"
High on the heat and anguish, Iris mumbles to herself.
Man C "Now... I got somet'in' really grand fer ya!"
Iris "Hnnnnffuhh... gaaahh! Too much... It's too much! Hyaaah!"
The shock of the heat travels up her ass and the length of her spine, shooting into her skull.
Iris is at the end of her rope and squeezes so hard that she can't take it anymore. Her anus contracts so forcefully that it eats the cock like a beast.
He shoves his cock in all the way to the base.
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhh!")
Iris "Naaahhh! Hahhh! Hahh! Hnnn!!"
She can feel his cock throbbing inside her as it spews out its spunk.
She can feel the heat shoot up into her stomach.
Iris "Haaaaaaahhh! Hyaaahh! Nahhhhh... You're cumming in my asshole! Uhhh!!"
Splllllrrrrt, gshhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hnnngg... haaaahhhnngghh!!"
A torrent of white, cloudy muck is shot up into her rectum. It is now bathed in jizz.
Iris feels herself being swept away by the sheer volume and momentum of the shot.
Iris "Huhh... hahhf... uhhf... hmmm... haahh... oohh... uhh... hnnnff... hnnng!"
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhh... bshhhhhhhhhh!")
Panting heavily, Iris shakes and strains her body as she tries to stand.
As she does, she farts out chunks of jizz.
Iris "Hunnngg... uhh... hnn..."
Man C "Heh, heh, heh, that's some nice ass. That was totally wort' the price."
He drops his coins for her, but Iris feels it wasn't worth it at all.
Her tired eyes are turned downward.
She doesn't want to go on.
Iris (But... I... must persevere... Uhh... hnn...)
She knows she must make as much money as she can for Seraphina and her enslaved subordinates.
She refuses to let them down.
Iris "Hahh... hahhh... Well... who's next?"
Then...
Man L "Hhahhh... that'd be me."
Iris "Naaahh... hahh... hnn... Please give me more... cum in my cunt... Hnn..."
There have been so many cocks in and out of her cunt.
Stretched beyond repair, her gaped slit oozes jizz as soon as a cock is withdrawn.
It's pooling at her aching feet.
Man M "The fuck? I waited all this time for this mess?"
Iris "Huhh... hahh... hnn... hahh... Forgive me... Hahh..."
Having been fucked to the point of delirium, she murmurs subserviently.
No matter how she cries, they just keep fucking her cunt and ass.
Man M "Heh, heh, heh, guess I'll play nice on ya 'cause the discount an' all. My bad for being late to the party!"
Iris "Kuaahh... hnn! Hah... hnngg... uhh... hnn! My ass... again..."
He starts another round on her gaping asshole.
The heat and shock bring Iris back to earth.
Her sphincter tightens on his cock and oozes jizz from their joining.
Man M "God damn, still tight after all them fuckers? Better than I thought!"
Iris "Hnnffuuhh! Haafhh... hyaaahh! Ahh... hahh... My ass... it burns!"
She hears a voice deep inside herself saying that she shouldn't be here. That she shouldn't be doing this.
But that voice is crushed under the pain of the cock in her rectum.
Iris "Huhnngg... khnngh... hooah! Ohhff... khnn... naaah! Aahh... naaah... It's so deep... so very deep!"
Man M "Heh, ya might wanna try doin' some more yoga. It'd help you work the cocks better."
Iris "Uaahh... hyaahh... I'm getting tighter... and tighter... Hnn... haaahh!"
She does her best to put her last bits of strength into tightening around the patron's cock.
The burning pain spreads from his cock and out Iris's mouth.
She is already trying to be as tight as she can. She doesn't need to be instructed.
Man M "Oh, yeah! Just like that, deary. Gimme more! Tigh'er!"
Iris "Hyaah! Hnn... hnn... kaaaahh!"
Man M "This shit's too good! Don't think I'm gonna last much longer!"
Iris "Hyaaah! Hnnnnff... More! Do it more! Cum in my ass!"
She tries to gesture affirmatively while he thrusts his rod up her shitter.
Threads of spit flee her mouth.
Man M "Ooh, fuck! Next time... I'm gonna be firs' in line!"
He grabs her and thrusts his cock as hard as he creates wet echoes down her alley.
His hips tremble as her sphincter bites down on the base of his cock.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Gshhhhh, bshhhhhhhh!")
Iris "Aaaahhuwaaahhh! Aahhh... hnn... haaahhh!"
He busts a nut and sprays spunk all the way into her intestines.
Iris's whole body flexes hard and she stands on her tiptoes, screaming out in pleasure.
Iris "I can't do it anymore! It's too much! Too much! Haaaahh... I... I... I'm going to cum! Hoaaahh!"
Splllllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh!")
Iris "Naaaaahhh! Hyaaaahhhh! Hnnnnhyaaaahhh!"
The patron pours every last drop of jizz into Iris's ass, keeping his lower belly close to her cheeks.
Her bowels are painted in spunk, and she wriggles her anus as if begging for more as it keeps working his cock.
Iris "Hahh... ahh... ahh... hnkh... naahh... hnn..."
When he pulls away, Iris's body crumbles as though he had been her crutch.
The sound of splooge splatting to the floor from both her whore holes can be heard all around.
But not a single complaint can be heard.
Iris "Naah... hahh... Next? Am I finished? Hahh... naah..."
She slowly twists her neck and looks back.
No one is in line.
Apparently, that was her last patron for the evening.
Iris "Hahh... hahh... hah..."
She exhales a small laugh and collapses in place, perhaps from a sense of accomplishment since she survived.
Iris loses consciousness soon thereafter.
............
......
...
#04_iri007
A few days later...
Iris "I don't know... how this can go on..."
Ten days have already passed since she began selling her body under the pretext of improving the treatment of her subordinates.
Since this started, she has already moved into a brother rather than selling herself in an alley.
Fortunately, no one seems to realize that she is Iris Arcadia, perhaps because she is hiding her identity.
But in order to make as much money as possible, she has learned to please her patrons in her own way and learned her own tricks.
She is growing more accustomed to the Service Nation.
Iris "There is no merit in these skills... no redeeming factor at all..."
She takes a deep breath, and her shoulders tense as she strongly ridicules her fate.
At first, she thought what she was experiencing was a defense mechanism in her body.
Or it might have been Ladomira's powers.
But the feeling gets strong with each patron she services. She has already climaxed more than a few times, losing herself in the moment.
Iris "I know. Dammit! I know! I can't be like this forever... taking Derek's orders..."
Contemplating her reality makes her want to scream.
The disgust she feels while being raped has already grown weaker than it was in the beginning.
On the contrary, she finds herself trying to cum while being fucked.
That is more frightening than anything else to Iris.
Her plan of following Derek's orders to get closer to him has become a double-edged sword. It's a sword she fears falling upon.
Iris "I mean do we really have to run away? I..."
If she were alone, escape would be possible.
But Iris has too much to protect.
First and foremost, Seraphina. Then there are also her subordinates.
How could she run away by herself, leaving everyone else behind?")
It is not hard to imagine that if Iris makes her escape, everyone else will surely suffer more gruesome consequences, regardless of whether she succeeds or fails.
Iris "At least... at least Sera..."
At worst, no matter what else is sacrificed, including herself, Seraphina must be saved.
That is Iris's ultimate truth.
For this reason, Iris still is unable to mobilize. Iris does not know where Seraphina is. To save her, she needs time to move freely.
How can she possibly get away from Derek?")
Iris "I have already wasted too much time. I need results, and I need them now."
First of all, Seraphina must be suffering the same thing as herself. That is what Iris believes.
Just the thought of it makes her wince.
She wants to rescue Seraphina as soon as possible. But a half-made plan poorly executed will only lead to more suffering for her.
Iris struggles to resolve her own cognitive dissonance but is unable to do so.
Iris "There has to be... some way to gain some footing with Derek. Where can I find my leverage for negotiation?"
Iris's only asset now is her body.
But Derek would not care if she offered it to him.
What does Derek want?")
Of what use is Iris?")
She contemplates this without resolution for some time.
Iris "Just once, oh, please, let me see Sera..."
Derek visits her for the first time in days, and Iris has used that time to distill her thoughts.
Impatience is the womb of folly.
His response, of course, is merely a sneer of contempt.
Derek "When the time is right, I'll take you to see her."
Iris "I don't even have to talk to her! I... I just want to see her! To see that she is well! Just..."
Her words are drenched in sorrow.
But this doesn't sway Derek's mind at all.
Instead, the smile on his mouth becomes more brutal.
Derek "I won't let you see Seraphina just yet... but don't you care about anyone else? What about your beloved subordinates?"
Iris "Huh?"
She is stunned by his question.
Why had she sold her body for coin? Had it not been for her subordinates?")
She should have confirmed that the money was really going to their benefit sooner.
Iris "Can I... meet them?"
Derek "Indeed, and I've made sure they've been treated well as you've worked so hard."
Iris "I see..."
A flicker of relief sparks in her chest at the comforting news.
But it is snuffed out with cold water immediately.
Derek "But it would seem they are still suffering. Not of body but of heart."
Iris "Heart?"
Derek "It seems that the toll of their labors has been paid for by their minds. Why don't you see what more your flesh can provide them with?"
Derek molests Iris's body with his eyes.
At that moment, Iris finally realizes Derek's true intent. She crosses her arms to hide from his sight.
Iris "T-That is a shame beyond shame itself!"
Derek "Well then... why don't you let them choose for you?"
Iris "What the...!?"
Iris reflexively protests his cruel proclamation.
She musters her strength to counter, but Derek deflects her shot.
Derek "No matter what you do, you are merely a useless slave in the Service Nation. You and your subordinates are the same in that way."
Iris "I did all this! I sold myself for them... and yet... you tell me this now!?"
Iris burns wondering what the meaning of her shameful ordeal is.
But Derek drinks up the delicious show Iris puts on.
Derek "I won't force your hand. You choose. You choose to accept or decline."
Iris "Huh!? Hnnn... Tch!!"
Iris is at a loss for words, sticks her finger at Derek, and lets out a groan.
Derek knows nothing of mercy.
Should she refuse, she will surely escape having sex with her subordinates but at the cost of their lives.
If she accepts, Iris will have to voluntarily copulate with her subordinates.
There is no decision that could satisfy her in this situation.
She gains more scars on her heart no matter what.
Derek "Choose quickly. I don't care which."
Iris "Kch... I'll... I'll do it."
Their lives are more important than the trauma to her.
Iris gazes downward and shakes in rage.
Derek feigns confusion.
Derek "You'll do what? And with who? Be specific."
Iris "Kch! Hnn..."
She can't stand the way Derek directly attacks her heart.
But that doesn't matter, Iris has no choice but to follow orders.
Iris "I... I will give my subordinates... my pussy..."
Derek "Hnn... Makes sense. You would want to suck your subordinates' cocks anyway."
Iris "Kuh... hnn..."
Iris prepares her heart for the grief and ridicule waiting for her.
While desperately telling herself not to cry, she bites her lips and endures the humiliation.
Holy Kingdom Soldiers "Is it really...? No way! Lady Iris!"
Her name echoes as she walks into the dungeon.
This isn't surprising as the residents of this block are all from the same kingdom as Iris.
All of the soldiers seem exhausted, but they seem to have regained their vigor at Iris's appearance.
Iris (I can't believe... what I have to do... before all their eyes...)
Her grief grows heavier as she imagines what is so to come.
Soldiers of the Service Nation rush in and throw Iris into a cell.
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Oh, Lady Iris! I'm so glad to see you alive and well!"
Iris "Oh... Me too... It's been..."
Before her is a middle-aged knight that has served under her for many years.
He is a tough, dependable man.
But he has diminished since they last met. Seeing him like this dampens her heart.
She sees in him how hard all of her subordinates were forced to work.
She sees the filthy squalor they are forced to sleep in.
Iris (And this... is the improved treatment I worked so hard for?)
Her doubt turns to rage over what the Service Nation has done to them.
But the Service Nation soldiers just grin filthily at her.
Service Nation Soldier A "Such a touching heart-to-heart, but we ain't got all day for this shit! Get yer ass to work!"
Iris "Oh, shut the hell up and watch your mouth!"
She blushes in shame as she yells at the soldiers.
The soldiers continue to grin as her people grow fearful.
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady Iris... why is it that you are here today?"
Iris "Well..."
Service Nation Soldier A "A bit of a comfort visit if you will. She's gotta keep her former subordinate's morale up now that they're slaves."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Huh?"
Service Nation Soldier B "Ya ain't too bright, are ya? She's here to put some pussy on yer plates, gyahahahah!"
Iris "Khh..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "What a brigand! Don't speak that way of Lady Iris!"
The soldiers roar with laughter as the knights flame with rage.
But Iris can only bite her lips and drop her gaze.
Her subordinate notices her change and responds with his own shock.
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady... Iris?"
She closes her eyes tightly as if to escape seeing her men.
Her heart is raging in her chest in unbearable pain.
Iris (I... I have no choice... I have no choice... No choice...)
She knows if she runs away that Derek will execute them all.
So what is the point of being ashamed?")
She reminds herself to be strong as she raises her face and forces a smile aimed at her subordinates.
Iris "Kch... They... aren't wrong... I'm here to... serve you with my... pussy..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "L-Lady Iris!?"
The knight's eyes just about roll out of his skull at the obscenity. Iris struggles to maintain her smile as she speaks.
Iris "I... I am a whore of the Service Nation now... I know how to please dicks properly..."
Iris "You have been forced to work so hard... Aren't you exhausted both physically and mentally? Please let me soothe your mind and body."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "W-What? What on earth did these bastards do to you, Lady Iris?"
Iris fights back her tears as her men are enveloped in rage as they realize what she has been subjected to.
Before the knight can strike, he is quickly restrained.
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Release me, you fiends!"
He tries to resist but fails as his limbs are bound.
The soldiers look up at Iris and laugh.
Service Nation Soldier A "Come now, show us what'cha learned. You musta picked up a few tricks on how to pleasure a man in the Service Nation!"
Iris "I get it... I know why I'm here..."
Her face twists as she walks over to her subordinate.
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady Iris! Please... Lady Iris!"
Iris "I'm alright... I do this... for you..."
Her voice fades as she takes to her knees to disrobe her knight.
#04_iri008h_iri05
Iris "Hnnngg... uhhgg... khh... hnn..."
Even though she is about to cry, Iris disrobes and straddles the waist of her subordinate.
Her exposed slit overlaps with his penis.
But his penis remains deflated. It feels neither hot nor hard, only fluffy, soft, and impotent.
Struggling to hold back her tears, Iris grinds on the cock to try to get it started.
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady Iris! Oh, please stop... Why are you acting this way...?"
Service Nation Soldier A "Oh, please stop, what bullocks! Can you believe this guy? Hey, just put da cock in yer mouth and get this shit started!"
Service Nation Soldier B "A big ol' boners gotta be more fun than pushing rope. Hyahahah!"
Cries of anger and resentment can be heard from the prisoners due to the soldiers and their taunts.
This means that all her subordinates are witnesses to these events.
Iris endures the urge to scream, glaring at the Service Nation's soldiers who burst into vulgar laughter.
Iris "Oh, shut the fuck up! Just be quiet and watch if that's what you wanna do!"
Service Nation Soldier A "Well, why can't you get that limp dick up, eh? Gotta know some tricks, right?"
Iris "I know my shit! You don't have to go on like that!"
She's got to help him get it up so she can make him cum with her cunt.
Knowing what she has to do has little to do with whether or not she hesitates.
Iris "Huh... uhh... hnn..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady Iris! Don't! I don't care what happens to me!"
Although he does not know the details of the situation, her subordinate, sensing the situation from Iris's appearance, raises his voice to somehow dissuade her.
Looking down at her subordinate, she roughly wipes her tears with her arm.
Iris "It... It's okay... Leave it to me... Just relax... Khh..."
She forces a smile.
She closes her eyes and eliminates the noise around her. When she opens her eyes again, she starts to grind her hips back and forth as she presses her slit hard against his deflated dick.
Iris "Hnn... hnnff... hhhh... hnnkh... khh..."
She grinds her pubic bone against the underside of his cock.
Then, she lightly floats her hips so that the head of his cock hits her slit and then makes a gentle circle.
But her subordinate's penis is not getting any bigger.
Iris "Huhh... hahh... uhhff..."
Iris silences her heart and smiles beguilingly as she has learned to do on the streets.
Iris "Oh, what's the matter? Why aren't you getting hard?"
Iris (Seriously, why? I'm rubbing it so much, doesn't it feel good? Why won't he get erect...?)
She almost criticizes him but stops before it's too late.
He is not like Derek and the other men of the beastly Service Nation.
How could a knight of the Holy Kingdom with his high ethical standards and pride as a knight feel desire in such a situation?")
Iris (What am I thinking? Ugh... I'm pathetic...)
Her response to the knight's modesty makes her feel like the poison of the Service Nation has sunk in too deeply.
The fact that he is not a stranger to her is more painful than she could imagine. Her lips wince in intense anguish, and she almost sobs.
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady Iris... it's about Seraphina, isn't it? She's being held hostage and they're forcing you to do this, right?"
Service Nation Soldier A "That ain't it. She chose to comfort her men this way all on 'er own. Wants to show you all her new skills, right?"
Iris "That... That's right..."
She squeezes out a small, trembling voice, affirming the words of the soldier.
Iris "That soldier speaks the truth... I am a whore now... I am not who I used to be..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "I don't believe it!"
Iris "Khh... hnn... Then... give me the chance to prove it to you..."
Iris "Hahh... hhh... hnnn..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Ghh... uhh!"
The movement of her hips increases little by little. His cock starts to warm up as she rubs her vulva on it.
But his dick doesn't get any harder.
Iris (Ahh... For a knight of the Holy Kingdom... to not give into pleasure... But she must defile his heart...)
Shllllk, shlllk, shllllk, shlllk...
Iris "Huh... ahh... hnn... huuhh... uhh..."
She straddles the knight's waist and rubs her slit hard against his dick. It is the atrophied symbol of his manhood.
Iris's body responds to the act in a way that has been honed through her previous experiences as a whore.
No matter how much her heart grieves, her vulva is hot and flaming, and juices flow out from deep within her twat.
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady Iris... Ahh... uhh... hhh!"
Iris is struck by the strong, perplexed look in the eyes of her subordinate. It would have been better if he had just been cruel.
However, Derek has also told her not to tell the truth.
Iris (Kch... F-Forgive me! But... this is the only way I can save you...)
Iris "Hah... hnn... Does my pussy... feel good... when it rubs against your cock?"
Iris "Huh... You understand, right? My filthy cunt is drooling with hunger... for your cock..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Uhh... Lady Iris... you must not give in! I know the fear in your heart for Seraphina... but you must not give in!"
Iris "Huh? Whatever do you mean? I'm just here to make you feel better... with my pussy... I want to envelop you... in its heat..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Hooh! Stop it!!"
Her subordinate calls for restraint with a voice that sounds like he might vomit blood.
He himself is held down by soldiers of the Service Nation and is unable to escape.
Iris "Hah... ahhnn... ahh..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Kuh... uhh... hnnn!"
Iris moans sweetly in a comely voice.
She uses her voice, her heat, her smell, and her softness to stimulate his manhood.
Despite his shame, his face reveals that he is giving in. His breathing grows faster, and his dick begins to swell.
Iris (Uhh... This must be humiliating and insufferable... I know... in your heart... you don't want this...)
Thinking about what he must be feeling almost freezes her in place.
Yet she persists in grinding her hips on him.
Iris "Huhh... khh... uhhnn... hahh..."
Service Nation Soldier A "Hey! How much longer are you gonna take? Come on, we ain't got all day!"
Service Nation Soldier B "Yeah, bitch, show him your true nature, the whore that ya are."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Shut up, you bastards!"
Iris (Khh... Forgive me... I know it seems I have forgotten my dignity, but...)
She stuffs the apology down into her heart as her knight protests the soldiers.
Iris (I have to finish this quickly... to save us both some honor...)
Iris "Khh... Look... watch me rub it... Does this feel good?"
She takes the knight's hand and places it on her tit.
She grabs his thick wrists and moves them, encouraging him to squeeze her soft flesh.
Iris "Do you like them bigger? Are they soft enough?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Hnn!"
She presses his hand deeper into her mammary tissue.
The touch of his hands is rough from hard labor, making her skin tingle. A desire to be squeezed harder and harder rises up from deep within her chest.
Iris "Did you ever think about... my tits under my armor? Did you imagine them?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Hnn... I would never look at you in that way, Lady Iris..."
Iris "Well... now you should. Consciously, here and now."
She presses his hand on her tit harder.
It kneads and distorts under his digits.
Iris "Huh... How is it? Have I not become a woman? Hnn... Do my tits not adore the pleasure of a man's hands?"
As she loosens her grip on his hand, he continues to gently work her tit.
He cups them from below and takes in their size and the texture of her skin. Fearfully, he presses his fingers in.
Iris "Hah... hnn... hnnn... aah... Yes... touch them... My nipples too... Hnnnkh..."
His fingers are gradually becoming bolder and more forceful in squeezing her breasts.
Her breasts are cupped in his wide palms, kneaded and squeezed.
His eyes wide, the knight stares at her tits as he fondles them.
Iris "Hnn... ahh... Like that... Good... Ahh... More... Rub more... Like that... hahh..."
Iris also rubs her breasts tightly with her own hands before resuming the movement of her hips.
Iris "Hooohh... uhhnnn... naah... ahhf... hnkh... hyaah... ahh... hahh... kahhnnnff..."
She grinds more audaciously on his cock.
Not just back and forth, she also traces circles on his dick with her vulva.
Iris "Huhh... ahh... Do you feel good? Hnn... Is it working? Do you feel how hot your dick is? Do you know how hard it is... getting?"
Iris "My... hahh... hnn... naah... hahh... pussy... is flooded with juices..."
Shllllk, shllllllk, shlllllllllk...
As juices dribble out of her cunt, the knight's dick begins to glisten.
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Don't! No! Lady Iris!"
He gasps and nearly screams.
That voice sends a shiver down Iris's spine.
The immorality of making her former subordinate pant like this makes her feel lewd and dishonorable.
Iris "Don't resist... Don't hold back... You understand? I want it... hard... inside me... It'll feel good."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "That's... That's... Hyaah!?"
Iris "It's okay, don't wait... I want to make you hard... and feel you in my cunt..."
Shllllllllllk...!!")
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Uhhh!!"
Iris "Huhh! Hahhhf... hnn... hnn!"
As she grinds her hips in wide movements, the sound of her juices echoes throughout the prison, and the knight gasps.
Reflexively he squeezes her breasts tightly. Iris makes a sweet, charming sound that contrasts with her subordinate's despair.
Iris "Hahh... huhh... naah... haahh..."
Service Nation Soldier A "Hah! So he can get it up! Good for you, fuckin' geezer!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Ahh... uhh... hnnngg... uhh!"
The knight groans in disdain at their mockery.
But his cock continues to grow under her slit.
Iris (Uhh... Did I do this? Is this my fault? Am I making his dick so big and hard?)
Iris (He is a subordinate with whom I have shared many hardships... a proud knight of Aurelia. And yet I've forced... this proud knight of Aurelia to get such a rigid hard-on.)
She is overcome with regret and wishes there was a way out of this mess.
Yet her slit, slithering over his cock, grows wetter and wetter.
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Oh, forgive me..."
Iris (Aahh... Forgive me... for becoming this way...)
Iris "Huh... Why do you feel the need to apologize?"
She smiles to try to relieve his heartache.
Her breasts are bare and swell with heat. She must fulfill her duty as a whore.
Iris (Ahh... I wish I didn't have to show you like this...)
Iris "I'm rather flattered. I suppose you did this because you wanted to get in my pussy?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "I would never!"
Service Nation Soldier A "Hah! Pull yer head out o' yer ass, ol' man!"
Service Nation Soldier B "Yer li'l general is showin' ya her true colors, eh?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Guhhh... uhh!"
The knight growls in anguish as the soldiers tease.
As Iris tries to offer words of comfort to her knight, a soldier from the Service Nation overhears her.
She wants him to know she won't let him down.
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "What more do you want from me? What more are you going to force me to do, Lady Iris?"
Iris gulps and pushes down her rage, putting on the facade of a whore once more.
Iris "Truly... you made your dick so hard for me... so I must show my appreciation..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady... Iris..."
Iris "Hahah... I'm nervous... about whether or not I can really bring you joy by doing this..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Hnnngg!?"
Iris removes her panties and puts them on his head.
Iris "Huh... Do you like them?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Uhh!"
His cock throbs as his face is bound by her undergarments.
Her pussy quivers as she feels his cock pulsate with life.
Iris "Do they smell alright? I'm sorry, I've had these on since yesterday... They may smell a little..."
Iris "Huhh... Do they smell like urine...? How does my pussy smell? The smell of my panties has made you rock hard... Hahah... hahahah..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Huhh... hmmmf... hunnnh!"
Her fabric rests on his nose and mouth.
The scent makes him moan and shiver.
Service Nation Soldier C "Hyahaha! Look at her go on 'bout them knickers!"
Service Nation Soldier D "Take it easy on the ol' guy, might make his cock pop off!"
Iris "Ahh... I-I understand!"
Iris "We've waited long enough... Now, I'm going to take your rock-hard cock into my cunt... and pleasure it like a real whore can..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady Iris! Ahhh!!"
He shakes his head and tries to protest, but Iris smiles shyly and raises her hips up on him, engulfing his cock with her cunt.
Iris "Hahhnnn... haaahh! Kaaaaahhh!!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Hyeaaah! Hnnngghh!!"
Iris welcomes him by bringing his cock into her all the way to the base of his shaft in one motion.
The knight moans and shrieks.
Service Nation Soldier A "Hah! Yer really fuckin' that geezer's cock? How's it feel fuckin' your underlings?"
Iris "Naaah... ahhh... It's so thick... even more than it appears... Hahhf... It's so magnificent!"
Iris has also been turned on by the process of getting him hard.
The soldiers of the Service Nation egg them on by voicing their impressions of the old cock and the would-be whore.
Iris "I can feel your spear, thick and hard... The head of your cock... is deep in my pussy."
Iris "Hahh... I love your shape... Having it glide into my pussy... feels so good... I love your cock!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Ahh... hnn!"
With each scream, her cunt tightens on the old cock.
As if in response to the contractions, his dick slithers up even more forcefully.
Iris "I never knew I could have such a nice cock... I wish I had sampled it sooner...!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Naah...!?"
Her honesty shocks the knight.
Iris (Ahh... What am I saying? No matter how much I say I have to act like a whore... there's a limit to what I can do...)
Iris (Aahh... No... I didn't just think that... I really do wish I had tried his dick before...)
Iris "Hahh... ahhnn... ahhh... hahhh... fwah..."
Giving into the immoral pleasure, Iris starts grinding her hips as she rides him.
The sound of the lewd pounding echoes through the jail.
Iris "Hahnnff... uhnn... ahh... It feels good... Your dick... ahhnn... is so good...!"
She moves her hips in small motions then rams him hard. This is how she learned to use her hips exactly like a whore who pleases her patrons.
The knight has completely forgotten his protests as the pleasure sinks in.
Iris "Haahh... hahhhnnnhh... What's the matter? Go on, do it. Don't hold back. Please let your cock enjoy my pussy."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Guhh... uhh!!"
Iris "Are you embarrassed? Afraid... to be fucked by a senior officer?"
Iris "No need for modesty. I want more of your knightly cock in my cunt! Hahhh, angh, angh, ahhh... hnn..."
She grinds her hips more enthusiastically, increasing her own feelings of perversion with her own words.
Iris "Aaahhh... ahnnnff... hahh!"
Service Nation Soldier A "She seems to be likin' it, eh? Guessin' them two were really, how do ya say it, close on the battlefield, eh?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Ghh... No way... uhh! I won't forgive taunting Lady Iris like that!"
Iris "Khh... ahh... It was never like that... He's just... very important to me..."
She stammers on. Had the situation been different, that kind of talk to an officer of her rank would never have been tolerated.
She gives the knight her most reassuring smile.
Iris "Hahaha... I'm a whore... for your cock... I'm a whore for anyone's cock... I seek to serve with this pussy... to fuck you with it!"
Service Nation Soldiers  "Gyahahahahah!!"
The soldiers around them burst into loud laughter.
Despite the ridicule all over her body, Iris continues to smile like a whore with tears in her eyes.
Iris "Hnn... naaah... hnnn... hufhh... uhh... hnnn!"
She also uses her hips in a whore-like, intense, and lewd manner.
As if to escape from everything, she focuses her attention only on pleasuring him. She tries to make his cock cum between her legs.
Iris "Hahnn... hnnn... ahhnn... ahh... Please... stick your cock into me... Your cock... Please!"
She braces her hands on his wide chest and fucks him harder.
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Hnnngg... uhhgg... khh!"
Iris "Hahh... hahhh... What's the matter?"
Even with all this passionate invitation, the knight only stiffens his body and moans in pain.
Despite her enthusiastic thrusts, she still can sense what's happening inside her.
Iris "Ahh... Are you... close?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Uhh! Lady Iris... I can't... hold on any longer!"
He proclaims he is nearing the point of no return.
With each fall of her hips, she can feel the desperation throbbing within her.
Iris "Huh... hahh... I see...? You're close, aren't you?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Uhh... Oh, forgive me!"
He cannot abandon his grief.
Iris finds it kind of cute that he feels so tormented by this.
Iris (N-No... I want you to cum as quickly as I can make you!)
Iris "You're close, right? Your hard cock is going to cum for me, right? Aren't you going to give it to me?"
Iris "Putting your hard cock in the cunt of your superior... You can't keep your lust... down any longer, right? Right?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Kuhh! Oh, please... forgive me!"
Iris "Hah... Ahh... I forgive you... Nha! Ahh... Cum inside me... Please, cum inside me!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Khwhooah!?"
Her cunt clamps down, and her thrusts speed up.
She can feel the flaring ridge around the head of his cock inside her as her hole slides all the way down to the base of his cock.
Iris "Give me all you can! I am your failed general... now, I'm a whore... Give it to me! Cum in my pussy!"
Iris "Hahh... hahh... Keep watching me... I want your eyes on me... I always felt your eyes on me..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "I... am no such beast!"
Iris "Hahh... Liar... You fantasized about my tits... under my armor... daily... didn't you?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "I-I did no such thing! Lady Iris, no... Hyahh!?"
He struggles to avoid cumming.
But Iris, never one to miss a beat, braces herself on his body and rams her hips upon him.
Iris "Hahhnn... hahh... ahhnn... hnn... hahh!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Uhh! Kaaah... hahh!"
The way his cock convulses inside her makes it seem close to bursting.
With the omen that he is going to ejaculate, Iris's body inevitably inflates the pleasure.
Iris thrusts her hips violently as she wants him to cum as soon as possible and uses obscene language to entice her subordinate.
Iris "See, those fantasies are coming true! You know how this pussy feels now, right? Your dick is thrusting in and out of it!"
Iris "Hahh... Cum... Cum for me! Inside me! Hah... ahnn... Pump my pussy full of it!"
Iris "Hahhnn... ahh... I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Oh, Goddess, I'm cumming!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "L-Lady Iris!"
Splllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hyaaaah! Haaaah! Aaaahhhh!"
She finally got him to blow his load inside her.
As if she had been waiting for it, Iris shouts in an impressed and charming voice.
Iris "Aahh... So good... Your cum... is so hot inside my pussy! Uhhaahh!!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "No! No, I can't! Uaahh! Aahh!?"
He tries to pull away from her as he shoots his shot.
But Iris forces herself on him, tightening her pussy around his flailing cock.
Iris "Ahh... No... don't pull out... Don't go anywhere. Oh, please! Give it all to me! Shoot it all inside me!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Hnnngg!!"
He writhes in climax, and furiously, she slams her hips against him, trying to squeeze all the jizz out of the knight.
Iris "Please fill me up... Fill my filthy whore cunt... Fill this whore of the Service Nation... It's so hot... I want it!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady Iris!!"
As if struck by her words, the knight thrust his hips up hard one last time.
Splllllrrrrrt, bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Iris "Hnnffhh! Aahhff... ahhh... aahh! Hahh... aaahhhh!"
Feeling the heat seeping into her womb, Iris also writhes, biting down on her lip mid-climax.
Iris "Hahh... ahh... ahh... hah... Thank you... there's... so much... cum..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Hah... hah... Lady Iris..."
Iris (Uhh... I... I have defiled my own subordinate... Despite... desperately him trying to resist me...)
The knight looks as if he might die from guilt right there.
Iris's body, however, is shaking slightly in the aftermath of her climax.
Iris "How... was it? Did my pussy feel good? It did right? When you came inside me?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Hahh... hah... hah... hnn..."
His breathing is rough. His words are hard to understand through her panties.
But his eyes seem to be staring up at her.
Service Nation Soldier A "Hah! What a surprise, eh? Didn't think the old guy had so much lead left in his pencil!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Huh... hahhhh... huff!"
Iris "Hnn!"
Iris bites her lip in anger at the abuse she has inflicted on her knight.
She wishes the curse was only upon herself. But now she has violated her own subordinate.
Service Nation Soldier C "Well, our turn now, ain't it?"
Service Nation Soldier D "I'll make 'er cry and flail while these numb nuts just wank it in the corner!"
Iris (Hahh... I knew it... Hnn...)
It's exactly what she thought it would be.
Further humiliation in front of her subordinates.
It must be hard for her subordinates to watch, but it is still better than continuing to force her own subordinates to fuck her unwillingly.
That is what Iris thinks at least. She tries to rise above her subordinates to offer herself to the soldiers of the Service Nation.
But...
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "W-Wait!!"
Iris "Hnn... waaahh!?"
Her subordinate suddenly raises his voice and grabs Iris's breasts, thrusting his hips up as hard as he can.
Iris "Huh!? Aahh... uhhnn! Hyaaah! Ahhhh! Hwaaaahh!!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady Iris... I tried so hard... to control myself..."
Shaking off the shame, he groans and starts to thrust.
His cock grows harder and fucks her cum-covered hole mercilessly.
The ridge around the head of his cock flares out as it pumps inside her.
Iris "Hnngg!? Ahhh... ahhh!!"
Service Nation Soldier C "Hah! Still, ain't 'ad enough? Showin' yer real colors, aint'cha?"
Iris "Ahyaaah! Naaah... uhh!!"
Iris is greatly shocked to see her subordinate's changed appearance.
The eyes peeking through the leg hole of her underwear emits the same ferocious shine as the men of the Service Nation.
Iris (Ahh... hahh... I can't... stop it... But... But... Hnn!)
She can't deny the burn in her heart as he stares at her.
She wants him to fuck her harder. Her animal instincts are taking over like she's a bitch in heat.
Iris (I can't help it... I'm the reason for all of this mess. I'm a whore now!)
Iris "T-That's right... Fuck me as you see fit! To your heart's desire! Don't hold back!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "I cannot resist any longer! Lady Iris, you're the most beautiful and noble in the land! Oh, Goddess, not like this... Hnn!"
Iris "Hnnn... This... This is my nature... I'm no general... I'm just a bitch... a whore to be raped..."
The reproachful voice of her subordinate makes Iris gush out the words that she too would like to hear. Her own words also inflame his inferiority complex.
His whole body becomes unbearably hot, and she experiences a mild climax each time his penis is driven into her.
Iris "Aahhh... Yes! Yes! I can feel your cock! I know you've wanted to fuck me for years! All this time... holding back... holding your cock..."
Iris "Come on, fuck me! I'm not that noble. I'm just a bitch of a whore now."
Iris "So fuck me! With that fucking cock! Ahh... Fuck me!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Oh, Lady Iris... I loathe that the dogs of the Service Nation defiled you so... I wish it could have been you and I..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "You who shine in the sun... I wish it were my cock that had deflowered you!"
Iris "Naaah... Forgive me and this slutty cunt. Punish me for throwing away my purity and becoming such a whore!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Hwoooahh!!"
He rants and raves about his inferiority as if he has changed and thrust his hips as if he is nearing climax for the second time.
Iris is happy to accept it as well and rocks her hips in time to reach her own climax.
Iris "Hyaaah! Hnnn! I'm cumming! Cumming on your big, hard cock! On the cock of my subordinate!"
Iris "Aahh... Faster! Faster! Cum in me! Blow your load in my cunt! Fill my pussy with your seed!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Naaaah! Lady Iris! Huuuh!!"
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhh, bshhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hyaaah! Haaaah! Aaaayyyyhhhh! Ahh... So much cum... nahhh... in my pussy... You're inseminating me... Hahn!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Lady Iris, please have my baby!"
Iris "Haaah... Inseminate me! My whore cunt gets pleasure no matter whose seed it takes! Hooh!!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Hwoooaahhh!!"
Spllllllrrrrrt, bshhhh! Gshhhh, gshhh, gshhhhh! Gshhhh!!")
Iris "Hahhhhhh!? Hghhhh, nghhhh!? Ahhhhhh!? You're thrusting while cumming!?"
Iris "Nahhhhh, wait!? Ahhhhh, noooo, don't! Don't... pound me while cumming!!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "No, I won't stop!"
Spllllrrrrrrtt! Shllllk! Gshhhh!!")
Iris "Hwaaaaahh!!"
Years of pent-up lust all come through his pelvic pummeling and spray of jizz.
Her speech begins to fail as she rides the waves of orgasm with her writhing cunt.
Iris "Hnnngg!! Hwaaah... ahhh... Forgive my words of lament... Hnnngh! Ahh... Let it all out... All of it! Haaahh!!"
Iris "Your image of me has changed... awoken... Give it to me... Fuck me... Impregnate me... Empty your balls into my cunt!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Uhhh! I'm going to cum!!"
Splllllrrrrrt, bshhhh, bshhhh!!")
Iris "Nhyaahh!? Hyaaah! You're still cumming! Waaahh! There's still... more! I can feel my pussy tightening!"
Iris "My pussy! It's so tight on your dick! All the way to your balls... You're so deep inside me... I'm begging for your cum!!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Take my seed! Take all of it!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hyahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
He's already cumming an insane amount as a subordinate shoots his jizz with the most force she's experienced inside of Iris's pussy.
The head of his cock forces opens her cervix, allowing the cum to flow freely.
Iris "Naaah... Oh, my Goddess... Oh, Goddess! Cum in me! Inseminate me! I'm... going to cum!"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Hooouhh... Lady Iris!!"
Iris "Hyaaaaahhhh!"
At the end of a twisted affair with her subordinate, Iris lets out a charming cry of contentment from the bottom of her heart.
Iris "Ah... ahhf... hah... hahh... hahh... ahhh..."
Having been twisted in climax, her body gradually returns to its original position.
Sweat drips from Iris's forehead and breasts, wetting the body of her subordinate who is still breathing roughly.
Inside her, she can feel his cock slowly softening.
Iris (Hahh... ahh... I... what was I...? Hnn...)
She can't even discern how much of it was acting and how much of it was true.
But she did indeed orgasm.
Although she is devastated by this, she exerts herself to play the role of a whore until the end.
Iris "Hahh... How was it? Are you satisfied?"
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Ahh... uhh... ahhh... Forgive... mm..."
Iris "Uh... huhhff..."
It seems her knight has finally regained his mental faculties.
Iris closes her mouth as she tries to soothe him with her fingers.
Iris (This is all my fault. I'm the one to blame for being such a slut... with my own subordinate...)
The feeling of guilt grows stronger in the face of her grieving knight.
She gulps and smiles at him. She hopes he won't regret this day.
Iris "My pussy is so satisfied... I may no longer be a knight... but I will work just as hard as I serve in the Service Nation..."
Holy Kingdom Soldier A "Uhh..."
Iris "Hahahah... I'll be back... to comfort you further... But don't forget to pay me then, alright? My body is for sale..."
Despite the mask of a whore that she wears, her heart aches with shame.
............
......
...
#04_iri009
Iris "Thank... you..."
Guest A "That wasn't too bad. Not too shabby, for a rookie."
Iris "Thanks..."
Guest A "And you liked it too, didn'tcha?"
Iris ".................."
Iris "Your cock... is thick and... made me cum so much..."
Guest A "Uhahah! I'll catch you again soon. You're gonna be seein' a lot o'me."
Iris "I... I thank you."
Iris "Hahhhhh..."
The greasy middle-aged patron takes his leave.
Finally alone, Iris sighs in her gloom.
Iris has already spent more than ten days at this brothel in the pleasure district of the castle town.
Iris (Uhh... I don't believe it... This is... more than I thought I could do...)
The abominable skill of serving the guests and the use of flirtatious language improves at an accelerated rate day by day.
Iris is afraid of the person she is becoming.
But what worries her more than anything...
Iris "Sera..."
She wonders if Sera is being subjected to the same torture.
That is her constant concern.
Despite how many times Derek assures Iris of her well-being, she knows better than to trust him.
She wants to help her right now, but she still doesn't know where Seraphina is.
And as time passes, she is becoming more of a polished whore.
Iris (What... am I supposed to do?)
Iris "Hahhh..."
She sighs deeply.
She feels like she is trapped in an endless maze.
Iris "Hnn!"
Her eyes widen at the sight of her very imprisoner's appearance.
Derek peers in and laughs at her in a mocking tone.
Derek "Apparently, you're a serious worker."
Iris "You didn't come all the way here just to tell me that, did you?"
Derek "Quality control is an important part of business."
Iris "You don't have to tell me about the quality of my work..."
She sighs and returns to her bitter tone.
Fatigue weighs heavily on her body and mind.
Even in front of her nemesis, he loses his brilliance from her eyes again.
Derek "I inquired with the madame about your work, and she is quite impressed. If we were to reveal your true name, I'm sure you'd instantly be in the highest tier of whore."
Iris "What's that... supposed to mean?"
Derek "Hmm?"
Iris "The Service Nation has already downgraded me to being a whore. What else could there be?"
Derek "Patrons would come from far and wide to sample the former general of the Holy Kingdom."
Iris "And all you want is coin, huh?"
Her words seem to limply fall from her mouth.
Derek "Of course. But you also demonstrate the power of the Service Nation."
Iris "The power of the Service Nation?"
Derek "If you defy the Service Nation, then this will be your fate. Even royalty end up sucking the cocks of the Service Nation."
Derek "A reputation like that will silence any thoughts of rebellion with ease."
Iris ".................."
Iris hates to acknowledge the logic of such a villain.
Iris (I thought he was trying to tear me down personally... but now I see that him making me a whore has greater repercussions.)
In fact, that goal is gradually being achieved.
For the last few days, Iris has lived in this brothel as a prostitute and has been serving several patrons a day.
Iris (If this keeps up, it'll really...)
A great uneasiness wells up in Iris's chest as if she wants to run away, no matter how hard she tries to suppress it.
After being made a fool before her subordinates, Iris's body has become more prone to pleasure as if she has slipped through some bizarre gate.
It's not just in the act. She will find herself longing for the pleasure even while alone.
When she is with a patron, she has difficulty discerning what is true or false.
Iris "Uhh..."
Even the loathsome sight of Derek doesn't rouse her heart. She just drops her gaze and groans in anguish.
Unbeknownst to Iris, she had played a greater part in Derek's evil plot.
Derek "Shall I take you to see Seraphina?"
Iris "Huh?"
Derek "You have garnered a better reputation than I thought you would. And you follow orders. Perhaps it is time you two met."
Iris "R-Really? You'd really let me see her?"
Derek "Oh, yes. With some conditions, of course."
Iris "I understand! I'd do anything! Anything to see Sera, whatever the cost!"
Derek "Oh... Anything?"
Iris "Uhh..."
She regrets her choice of words as soon as Derek questions her back.
Derek "Give me an example... of what you would do..."
Iris "Huh?"
Derek "You'd do anything, right? What would you do to meet Sera?"
Iris "Kch..."
Derek mocks her with his smile.
Iris "That is... Ummm... What I can do is..."
Derek "Yes, what can you do? That's what I'm asking."
Iris "For... my patrons..."
Derek "Hahahah! That's all you think you can do? If someone asks you for something, you're the first one to offer up your body, aren't you?"
Iris "Uhh... hmmm..."
She is mocked by Derek and realizes her prior sense of dignity has totally vanished.
Iris clenches her fists, and her shoulders shiver with shame.
Derek "Heh, I feel sorry for you. You have barely even suffered at all, now look at you. You serve cock here every day and that has nothing to do with Seraphina."
Iris "That too... is for Sera!"
Derek "Alright, calm down... Let's try something different this time."
Derek continues, keeping her in check.
Derek "It'll need some prep, but if you succeed with this task, you can meet your Sera."
Iris "Prep?"
Derek "Yes... Three days. After three days I'll be back again to get you."
Iris "Three days... and the conditions?"
Derek "You're as good at this as you are serving. This is going to be interesting."
Iris "Wait, just give me a little more!"
Derek "That is all I'm saying. End of conversation. I'm not telling you anything more here and now."
Iris "Hnng..."
Iris feels done for.
It would be counterproductive to pry further.
Derek "Oh... and there seem to be many nice ladies working this fine establishment. Do you have any recommendations for one to take home with me?"
Iris "Kch..."
Her face freezes under the weight of his sarcasm.
Derek "Why the long face? Are you trying to tell me something?"
Iris "Huh... Don't mess with me! Who the hell do you think you are?"
Derek "Hah, you're going to have to really level up before thinking about selling yourself to me. I don't have time for brat pussy."
Iris "Uhh... How dare you... where once was purity... has now been stained with lust!"
Derek "Is that an invitation?"
Iris "What on earth gave you that idea?"
Derek "Sure, taking your maidenhood was fun and all... but you're not really worth actually paying for."
Iris "Khhhnnnn!!"
Derek "What's the matter? A whore with a bruised ego?"
Iris "Uhhh... Why, you!?"
It's a simple tale.
She should not care what he thinks about her.
And yet...
Iris (Khh... Why am I... so irresistibly angry?)
She cannot restrain her rage as she glares at Derek.
Derek "You've got a cute face. Just keep your rage pent up for the next three days."
Having said little about the prior mentioned conditions, Derek departs.
Iris (What is he planning this time? He said it was something I was good at...)
There's no doubt that it's a nasty scheme.
Iris "Hnn!"
Iris "What is it now!?"
Iris barks reflexively as she hears the door.
Guest B "Huh!?"
Iris "Oh..."
Guest B "I'm sorry, do I have the wrong room?"
Iris "No! Not at all... Umm... This way please..."
Guest B "Is everything... alright?"
Having just been yelled at, he looks around the room with frightened eyes.
Iris does her best to smile at her customer and resume the life of a whore.
Iris (Hahhhhh... I'm pathetic...)
Three days later.
As promised, Derek is at the brothel to pick up Iris.
She is being taken to the town center, but she still hasn't received further instruction.
An impromptu enclosure is set up there.
Outside the enclosure is swamped with spectators.
Announcer "Welcome, one and all! It's time for today's main event!"
Announcer "First, feast your eyes upon Iris Arcadia!"
Spectator "Wooooaaahhh!!"
The voices from the audience and the sound of the gong echo across the square.
Wearing a sword for the first time in a long time, Iris walks into the arena.
Audience Member A "A bitch of that wretched Holy Kingdom!!"
Audience Member B "She is a war criminal! How dare you bring her here!"
Iris ".................."
The audience is about to erupt as it bulges.
To fuel the excitement, the announcer continues.
Announcer "You all know her as the general of the Holy Kingdom of Aurelia! But that is a bygone title!"
Announcer "Defeated in battle and surrendered to our hero, General Derek, she wanted to atone in some small way for her sins and repay the generous treatment of the Service Nation."
Iris (Hmm? Oh, I'm in awe of the generosity so far...)
Announcer "And she decided to join us today to make it as enjoyable as possible for everyone!"
Audience Member C "If you feel so bad, open your legs!"
Audience Member D "Let 'er fight naked! Hyahahah!"
Iris ".................."
Some vulgar comments fly by, but Iris doesn't pay any heed.
With a focused face, she looks ahead anticipating her opponent's entrance.
Fortunately, the audience does not know that Iris is working in a brothel.
It would have been even worse if that had been known.
There is a possibility that a patron who bought Iris's services is in the audience.
But even if a patron felt like there is a resemblance, he would never guess the truth.
Iris (But... what is Derek planning?)
She ponders her conditions for meeting Sera.
She must participate in this betting match as a gladiator and win against five opponents.
When she heard this, she was sure the game was rigged, but...
Contrary to her expectations, Iris was given her beloved sword unblemished.
There is no sign of anything being done to it.
Iris (So... how are they going to make it so I can't win?)
Iris (Sure, I lost to Derek and... that's why I'm here now... but...)
Iris (There can be no defeat for me today! I must see Sera!)
Iris clenches the handle of her sword.
She is not lacking in fighting spirit, but her body does not feel the strength she wishes it did.
Though she feels she would have infinite energy, if Derek were on the battlefield, she would do anything to strike him down.
Announcer "Now, let's see if General Iris can survive five matches! Her first opponent is... a single soldier who made a name for himself in the previous expedition."
Iris "Hnn..."
She gasps slightly.
Then he appears before her to the roar of applause.
He is a large fighter of fine physique and carries a long halberd lightly in one hand.
Gladiator "Hahah, bet you feel like your luck's run out, eh?"
Iris (The weaker the dog, the more it barks...)
She laughs heartily at his provocations that have neither sense nor intelligence.
At first glance, she knows he is no match for her.
Announcer "Well, well, well, folks! This matches winner... gets the right to rape the loser on the spot!"
Spectators  "Woooooaaahhh!!"
The audience is even more excited by the moderator's declaration.
Iris "Hah..."
She laughs knowing this is what he'd be doing anyway. And if Iris wins? Then what will come of it?")
Audience Member A "Let's go! Do it! Rape her!"
Audience Member B "Strip the general naked!"
Gladiator "Hah! Leave it to me, boyos!"
Iris "Come on, let's get this over with."
Iris quietly calls out to her opponent as he responds to their cheers.
Gladiator "Heheheh... eager for some big cock, eh? What a filthy whore."
Iris ".................."
Her opponent holds up his halberd and smiles.
Iris also holds her sword in a natural and relaxed manner without exerting any effort.
Gladiator ".................."
Iris ".................."
Announcer "Well then... Go!!"
The sound of the gong signals the start of their mortal combat.
Audience Member C "Do it!!"
Audience Member D "Stab 'er in the cunt!"
Gladiator "Let's go! Yeahhh!!"
Emboldened by the cheers, he swings his vicious weapon.
Gladiator "Hooohhh... ryaaahhh!!"
Iris "Hnn!"
Swordsman "Gahh!?"
Iris "Next."
Announcer "Huh?"
Audience Member A "What... was that?"
Audience Member B "Did that... just happen?"
The auditorium goes silent.
Iris dodges her opponent's large swinging attack with only the slightest backpedaling.
Then, without missing a beat, she slashes him from behind.
He is struck down and lays there without so much as a finger's flinch.
Iris "What's wrong? Who's next?"
Audience Member A "Oh... ooooh!"
Spectators  "Hooohhh!"
Audience Member B "Fuck yeah! That was badass!!!"
Audience Member C "Hey! Get the next one out there!"
Announcer "R-Right away!"
Minotaur "Guraaahh!"
Iris "Hnngg!!"
Minotaur "Bruuuuhh! Ohhhhhhhhhh!!"
Iris "Uhh! Khh... uhhh!"
Wielding a vicious axe, the minotaur delivers heavy blows with all the strength mustered by his huge mass.
His attacks are a tornado, and Iris is doing all she can just to survive.
Minotaur "Mrhoooohh!!"
Iris "Hnn! Hyaaaahh!!"
Minotaur "Brhnn!?"
When the opportunity appears, Iris strikes with the hilt of her sword and sends the axe into the air.
Iris "Hoaaaah!"
Minotaur "Hnnn!?"
Without a pause, she closes the distance and thrusts the tip of her sword at the minotaur's throat.
He grabs at his neck and collapses before the crowd.
Iris "Heh... two down..."
Spectators  "Woooooaaahhh!!"
Audience Member A "Iris... is a beast!"
Audience Member B "What I'd expect from the general of the Holy Kingdom!"
Audience Member C "Cute and cool!"
Spectators  "Iris! Iris! Iris! Iris!"
Iris "Huh..."
After a fierce battle, she wipes the sweat from her brow.
The brilliance of the fight excites the audience.
In no time at all, she has won them over.
Iris (I don't get it. Why are these Service Nation bastards rooting for me?)
She shrugs at their cheers.
Iris (Might makes right. That is the way of the Service Nation...)
Announcer "Now isn't this a surprising turn of events? Who would have thought the general of the Holy Kingdom could down the minotaur? Four down, one to go!"
Spectators  "Hooohhh!"
The excitement of the audience is at its peak as the final showdown is finally underway.
Iris (Just one more...)
Iris "Hufh... hah... hnn..."
After the four fights in a row, Iris's breath is as rough as expected.
The three fights against human opponents were simple, but the fourth against the minotaur was a tough fight.
Her body is beaded with perspiration, and her sword is heavy in her hand.
Iris (Just one more... Please be alright, Sera...)
Announcer "Who could have expected she'd be so persistent!? She really does live up to her name!!"
Announcer "But the most formidable foe is approaching now!"
Monster "Heh, heh, heh..."
Spectators  "Haaahhhh!!"
Iris "Tch..."
A jet-black steed approaches, its hooves clattering.
His muscular build is about twice that of a normal horse.
His eyes are glowing blue, and his head has two horns like those of a goat.
Iris "Saving a bicorn for the end, eh?"
Iris readies her blade and takes her battle stance.
This is definitely not the kind of opponent you want to take on one-on-one.
But giving up is not an option here.
Announcer "A bicorn can mate with a female of any species! Should the general of the Holy Kingdom fail, we all know her fate!"
Audience Member A "Uwhaaahh! Yaaaahhhh!!"
Audience Member B "You did your best, Iris! Now it's time to lose and show us a good show!!"
Iris "Hmmf... fuckers..."
The crowd now cheers for the bicorn, their voices being quick to change.
Despite her victories so far, they still want to see her get raped.
Bicorn "Buhehehehn! Buhhf... bahhff... burrraahhh!"
The bicorn is ready for battle.
Kicking the ground with his hooves, he circles around Iris.
Bicorn "Bahff... buffhh... bahhnn... hnn..."
Iris "Kch..."
What she senses in the eyes and breath of the beast is not killing spirit, but something more vulgar and lustful.
Opposite of a unicorn's purity, a bicorn is perversion incarnate.
More than the battle, the bicorn seems unable to contain his excitement at the act of raping the mare that awaits him.
Bicorn "Huffhh... brahhhf... buhh!"
Iris "Really... even monsters are worse here..."
A gong sounds to signal the start of the match.
Bicorn "Heahhhhnnn!!"
Iris "Hnn!?"
As soon as the fight starts, the bicorn rushes forward in a straight line.
Iris (So fast!)
Bicorn "Hehhehnnn!!"
Iris "Gah!?"
The speed of the demon beast is far more than she expected.
She is too fatigued to dodge gracefully.
She avoids his head but is still struck by a horn.
Audience Member C "Hoohh! Good start!"
Audience Member D "Show us what she's made of!"
Audience Member E "She has done well so far! But her end is set!"
Iris "Seriously, who the fuck cares what you bastards have to say?"
Iris quickly stands and readies her sword.
Bicorn "Buhhhfhh..."
The bicorn snorts and kicks the ground mockingly.
He dashes again.
The bicorn rushes in with his second strike.
Iris (This is the same as the first time...)
She readies her sword for a counterstrike.
And then...
Iris "Guaahhhh!?"
The horns of the bicorn light up and strike Iris's body with bolts of lightning.
She is blown away by the shock.
Spectator "Hoooohhh!!"
Announcer "As effective as always! The former general doesn't stand a chance against such arcane forces!"
Iris "Hehh... ghh... ahhhnngg... No fucking way!!"
Her body goes numb as her hearing is drowned by the jeers of the audience.
Yet she still finds the strength to stand with her sword as a support.
Then, the bicorn slowly approaches.
Bicorn "Bahhhf... buhuhhh... buh..."
Iris "Uhh... khh... you son of a..."
Iris "Gyaaahhh!?"
Struck once more by lightning, Iris drops her sword and collapses.
Bicorn "Hehh, hennhh!"
Iris "Guaaahh!?"
Iris "Ah!? Hanngg... gyaah!!"
The bicorn shoots off smaller shocks, tormenting and mocking Iris.
She is pinned on all fours because of the shocks.
She hasn't given up yet, but if she can't get some distance temporarily, she won't be able to recover.
Bicorn "Hehhehhnnn!!"
Iris "Hngyaaahhh!?"
Then another painful thunderbolt is fired.
This one is aimed directly at her crotch.
Audience Member A "Hell yeah! Waited all day for this!"
Audience Member B "The general is unveiled!"
Audience Member C "Fuck me! I wanna rape her too!"
Iris "Hnn!!"
She is shocked by their voices.
Then she realizes the strike tore the band of her panties.
And looking back...
Bicorn "Buhehhhhn... buhh..."
Iris "Hnn!?"
A giant cock emerges from the bicorn. It is as big as a fifth leg.
Spectator "Hoooohhh!!"
The audience cheers for the rape they've waited so long to see.
#04_iri010h_iri06
Iris "Kuhh... nahhh... hah... haahhh... hnngg!"
Unable to escape, Iris is left crawling on all fours with the demonic beast pressing down on her.
She feels a bizarre, hot foreign object pounding her solar plexus.
Iris "That's... impossible... Hnn... How can it be so deep?"
She can feel the pumping ring in the enamel of her teeth.
She does all she can just to not cry.
Audience Member A "What's wrong with you!? You aren't finished yet! What? Are you too scared to move?"
Audience Member B "Iris! Give it a little more!"
Iris "Hnnn!"
The audience's wild comments bring Iris back to herself.
Iris (Yes, that's right... The game is not over yet!)
Roused, Iris tries to crawl away from the monster.
Bicorn "Buheheheh... hnn..."
Iris "Hnnnngg!"
But her hands and feet are numb from the shocks and her inability to move avails itself to her.
The bicorn bends its head and looks into Iris's face.
Iris "Hnn!"
When he stares at her with his blue eyes, her body, already numb, stiffens as if in bondage.
They are the eyes of an overwhelmingly strong male. A male to whom a bitch could not help but submit.
Bicorn "Buheheheheeenn!!"
The bicorn turns its head again and growls in a high-pitched voice to announce the beginning.
Spectator "Hoooohhh!!"
The audience responds with loud cheers.
Iris (No... no good... Hooohh...)
She knows she must escape in her mind, but her body can do no such thing.
Iris "Uhh... huhh... hnn!!"
Her mind and body are simply resigned to the doom now approaching.
Finally, the bicorn pulls back and places his giant cock against her slit.
Iris "Hah!!"
Iris "Haahhhhnnnn!!"
Iris looks to the sky as she feels the impact.
A desperate scream echoes through the plaza.
Iris "Aaahhgg! Gahh... hnn!? Hnnngg... uhhhgg... ghh... hahgg... gaahh!"
Her cunt is audibly torn open, and she feels the head of his cock slam into her cervix.
The shape of his cock can be seen through the flesh of her abdomen.
Iris "Gah... hnngh... gahh!"
The pain is so intense that she can't see a thing.
The thread of consciousness breaks, and her whitened vision is now turning black.
Bicorn "Buheheheh!!"
Iris "Hnnnnngg!? Gyaaaaahhh! Kyaaaahh!!"
A second strong thrust forces her consciousness to awaken.
Iris's entire body is covered in thick, greasy sweat.
Spectator "Whoooaaahhh!!"
Audience Member C "Whoa, all of it's in!"
Audience Member D "Do it! Fill her!"
Iris "Kah!? Kaffhh... hah!? Huh!"
The crowd is enthusiastic, but such cheers are barely audible to Iris now.
Her body convulses with intense pain as if she has been penetrated from groin to throat, and she almost loses consciousness again.
Bicorn "Buheheheheenn!!"
Iris "Uhaaah!? Hnnngg... ghh! Hunnngg... nhyaaahh! Heennngg!"
The bicorn begins to thrust his hips relentlessly.
The beast's cock is as long as a human arm. It is pulled out and thrust all the way to the base again and again.
How much easier it might be to lose consciousness. But the pain won't allow it.
Iris "Guhh! Ahhgg... haaahh! I can't! That's impossible! Hahhh! I'm tearing! Gah... Tearing!"
Thnkh!! Bammh!! Whoosh!! Bannh!!")
Iris "Uhhnnngg!? Hnnngg! It hurts! Uhnnngghaaahh! That's... too... Hnnngg!"
Iris "Uhh... Death by... giant horse cock! It's piercing from my pussy to my mouth... Gahhhhh!? It's piercing right through me... Hnghhhhh!!!"
Iris screams uncontrollably in front of the large crowd.
Bicorn "Buheheheh! Buheheheheenn!!"
Iris "Uhhgg! Gahhf... ooh... gaaah! Naaah! Ahh! Crushing... my uterus!"
Her body flails as the demon rapes her.
Her belly distorts and swells, giving the illusion that the tip of the cock is popping out of her belly button.
Iris "Enough already... I just can't... No way... Please... Please! Kahhh... Hahhhh!"
In so much pain, she begs for relief. With her arms and legs flailing, she scratches at the ground, trying to escape from the beast even a little.
As if mocking Iris, the bicorn neighs.
Bicorn "Hehhehhnnn!!"
Iris "Kyaaaaahhh!?"
Suddenly, a fierce pain runs through her uterus.
The pain is so intense that it is as if she has been stabbed with a burning iron, and her body convulses madly.
Iris "Hnnnggyaaah! Ahhhhnnn! Heahhnnn... hnnnggg... hnghhhhh!"
Shlllllk! Shlllllk, shllllllllk!!")
Her vision turns white as the pain drills through her and yellow fluids spray out of her.
Audience Member D "Hah! The general is making a mess o'erself!"
Audience Member E "Oh, great! Now I'm even more of a fan of her!"
Iris "Hennnggg! Hahhnnngg... aahhh!!"
She can't even afford to be ashamed of her incontinence in public.
She continues to scream in pain from the pressure of the cock violating her uterus, and the thunderbolt that is released into it.
Bicorn "Buheheheh!!"
Pshhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Guaaaahhh!!"
Iris "Hnnngg! Hyaaaahh! Ohaaaahh! Heehhh... uhnnnggg! Naaahh!"
Her cunt burns with pain, shocks shooting through her body.
The head of the bicorn's cock thrusts up against her womb. The ridge of the head nearly hooks and tears her inside out.
Bicorn "Buheheheh!! Buheheheheeennn!!"
Iris "Uhhnng... hyhhnnn! Hnnnguhh! Hahhnngg... uhhggnn!"
In contrast to Iris screaming in pain, the neighing of the bicorn seems to show his delight in her anguish.
Regardless of Iris's will, the pain of the thunderbolt causes her cunt's flesh to tense spasmodically and clamp down hard on the animal's cock.
Bicorn "Buheheheh... brueeehh! Brueeehh!!"
Iris "Kuh... kahh! Huhh... huuuuh! Ahhnngg... guhh! Ahhh... Finish already! Hahh!"
Iris "Egyaaaaahhh! Kaaahnnnnggg!!"
The bicorn's huge cock thunders again inside Iris's abused cunt.
Iris "Gyaaaahh! Hnngg!? Gahhnnngghh... bkh... gyaahh!!"
Now each thrust is paired with bolts of lightning.
A huge cock of unbelievable length and thickness is furiously moving back and forth inside her burning hole of meat.
Shllllk! Shlllllk! Shllllllk!!")
Iris "Hahnnng! Agyaaah! Hennngg! Hyehnn! Hnnng! Hahhgggnnn! Ngyaah!"
Even if the shocks stop, her whole body is still numb. The beast pauses for a moment to savor her cunt, his cock quivering.
Iris "Hyaaahh! Haaehhh! Aaahhhn! Gaaahh!"
Iris is raped at the complete mercy of the magical beast, and she can only scream unintelligibly as if she has forgotten human speech.
Bicorn "Buheheheh! Hehhehhhnnn!!"
Iris "Hnnngg! Hyaaaahh! Ohaaaahh! Heehhh... uhnnnggg! Naaahh!?"
Heavy blows rattle her innards.
The horse's cock pumps so violently that it makes a crackling sound and expands while getting even hotter.
Contemplating what is to come, Iris sheds tears of disgust and shakes her head, but it was too late long ago.
Bicorn "Buheheheh! Buhehehh!!"
Iris "Guhh! Haahhhgg! Guwahooo!?"
Splllllrrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhh! Gshhhh! Gshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhh!!!")
Iris "Gyaaaaaaahhhhnnnn!!!?"
The seed of the magical beast pours out with such force that it shoots into her womb.
The momentum of the climax is inextricably linked to her pain.
Iris "Huh!? Gyah... gyaaah! What the...? Gyaaaaahh! My pussy's numb! Uhh!"
Iris "Kyaaaahhh! It hurts!! Hyeaaaahhhh! Uhhh... hnnnn!!"
Bicorn "Buheheheh!!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhh, gshhhhh! Bshh, bshhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Anghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"
Iris bellows in agony over and over again.
Each time his cock pulsates in her cunt, her uterus swells from the unreal quantity of cum shot into her. It outstrips any human's ejaculation in terms of quantity.
Iris "Gwaahh!? Gohh... hnnmmm! Ooooaahh! Hooohh! Hyaaaahh!!"
Each time she tries to turn her eyes down, her body tenses and twists with more shocks.
Iris "Hahh! Heeehnnn! Kaffh! Ahh... hahh... hyaaahh! Heeennn!!"
Bicorn "Buheheheh! Buruuuh! Buuh!!"
Iris "Hyaaaaahh!? Again? I'm cumming... hyah... again? My pussy can't handle it anymore!"
Iris "Bah! Hmmm! Paahh! I can't... There's no... Hnn!!"
Bicorn "Buheheheh!!"
Spllllrrrrt, gshhhhh! Gshhhh, gshhhhh!!")
Iris "Haaah! Daahh! Gahhh! Hyeaahh!?"
The bicorn accelerates his pistoning from there.
The protruding tip anchors in her uterus from the inside and shakes Iris's entire body with raging force.
Iris "Uhhh... naahh! Noooooooooo! Noooo... nooooo... haaah!!"
Bicorn "Buheheheh!!"
Splllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hyaaaaahhh! Uhh! Hnnnnggg!!"
Iris empties her lungs as the finishing blow is shot into her womb.
Iris "Hyaah! Naah! Hahh... hyaaah! Khhh... hnn!"
After what seemed like an endless orgasm, the beast's cock is withdrawn from her gaping hole with a splat.
A bucket's worth of white muck spills out of her gaping hole.
The splatter echoes through the square, and a puddle forms below her.
Spectator "Whoooaaahhh!!"
Audience Member A "Good one, Iris!"
Audience Member B "Hahahaha! I never thought I'd see the day when I'd be able to watch a horse rape with a female knight who was once a threat to the Service Nation!"
Audience Member C "Hey, are you alive, Iris? How does it feel to be inseminated with a beast's cum?"
Iris "Ahh... hahh... ahh..."
Feeling as though her back had been broken, her body still seems to be without strength.
The cruel words of the audience do not reach her.
Iris (Heh... hahh... My bones... and flesh... everything... below... is destroyed...)
She has gone numb to pleasure and pain alike.
And yet, her womb throbs.
Iris (Uhh... lahkh... Why did I cum? This... evil beast... raping me so hard... I just...)
Iris (What... am I doing? Hnn! This was... my chance to meet Sera, though... Uh, uhhh... khhhhh...)
Tears well up in her eyes as she believes she is no longer worthy of seeing her.
She doesn't even have the willpower to dry her tears.
Then the bicorn begins to laugh once more.
Bicorn "Buheheheh!!"
Spectator "Whoooaaahhh!!"
As if to respond to the bicorn, the audience shouts.
Iris is still dazed, but that time is nearing an end.
Iris "Huh?"
The sensation in her body has not yet returned. And yet, she feels an intense discomfort in her ass.
Iris "Hyaah!? Haann... naah... That's... just... Hnn!"
Her voice trembles as she holds back tears.
Still hard even after cumming so much, the bicorn now aims for her asshole.
The bicorn lets his spunk-soaked cock slide down her ass crack.
Iris "N-No! Lay off already! You've already gotten what you wanted!"
Bicorn "Buheheheh... hnn..."
Iris "Huh!? Naaaah... hahh..."
She pleads with all the strength she has left in her. However, the bicorn rubs the valley of her ass with his cock as if to scare her.
She feels she is in real danger.
Iris "That's too much! It's too much already!"
Iris "Hnn!?"
Bicorn "Buheheheh!"
Iris "Gyaaaahhhh!"
As she tries to get away, the bicorn slams his hoof to intimidate her with the light sparks it creates.
Iris "No! Stop it! Hehh... Fine... I won't run... I won't!"
Iris gives in easily.
The shocks and splooge in her cunt have drained her of all strength. She no longer has the power to fight against the bicorn's threats.
With a frightened expression, her body cowers.
Bicorn "Buruh... buheheheh!"
Iris "Uhh... huh... uh!?"
The bicorn neighs as if to say that's right.
The tip of his huge cock is pressed against her frightened and deflated anus.
Iris "Hahh... huhh... hhnnn!"
Struggling for breath, sweat escapes all the pores of her flesh.
Audience Member A "Oh, hell yeah! I'm stoked to see some anal gaping!"
Audience Member B "Won't the cock just come out o'er mouth?"
Iris "Hmmm... huh! Uhh!"
The audience's voices suddenly reach her ears, and she can't help but imagine herself in such a situation.
With her rattling teeth and trembling in unprecedented fear, Iris still can't move.
Bicorn "Buheheheheeeeeenn!!"
Iris "Hnn!!"
Mlchhhhh, mlchhhhh! Glchhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Uhhhnnngggaaahhh!?"
The horse cock penetrates her anus and runs up her rectum, pushing all of her internal organs up to her chest.
She pukes out the contents of her stomach.
Iris "Gaahh... geahoooh! Gahhnnn... hah!? Gahobobonnnh!!"
The audience is even more excited to see the ungraceful appearance.
Iris "Hooohnnnf!? Gohhhnnmmm! Okhnnnhhfff!? Guaaaahh! Gehhh... goooh!!"
She continues to vomit until her vomit is just bile.
Her throat burns.
Iris's consciousness fades as she is unable to breathe due to the intense pain that attacks her anus, the crushing pressure on her internal organs, and the vomiting.
Bicorn "Buheheheh!!"
Iris "Guhh!? Ahhnngg... hyaaah! Ahnnn... hnnngg... ooohh!?"
There again, her anus is gouged out with rough movements without any mercy at all.
The tip of his cock is pushing up on her stomach rather than her uterus through her rectum.
Iris "Gahh... kaffh... hah! Ahhh... hahh... ahhh!!"
Despite being empty, she still feels like she is going to puke.
All that remains is for her guts to come out of her mouth.
Iris "Gack! Hah... Stop! Let me go! Hnnngg! I'm going to die!"
There is no knightly pride left in her.
Her anus is split open, her internal organs are gutted, and she desperately begs not to die.
Iris "Hnnn... No more... I can't... I... can't... Hnn!"
Iris "You're tearing me open! Ripping apart my ass! It hurts! You're... killing me!"
Bicorn "Buheheheh... buhhehhnn!!"
Bicorn "Buheheheheen!!"
Iris "Egyaaaaahhh! Kaaahnnnnggg!!"
Spectator "Hoooohhh!!"
The bicorn responds to her tearful pleas for life with a cruel thunderbolt. Lightning bursts inside her intestines, scorching her intestinal lining.
The smell of burnt meat escapes her mouth.
Iris "Pheeeeh!? Hnnnggg! It hurts!!"
Iris "Hnnngg! Uhnnngg! Gyaaahh!!"
Lightning shoots out of his cock with each thrust.
The intense pain is as if her body is being burned from the inside out, making her scream and roar out half-muffled.
Iris "Byaaaahh! Gyaaahh! Hannnggg... aaahhh! I'm going to die! I'm----!"
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhhhh!")
Her decimated ass and cunt spasm alike from the shocks. As her cunt convulses, it squeezes out any leftover jizz.
Iris "Nhyahhhh! Haaahh! Uhhnn! Haaahh! Hahhh..."
When the thunderbolt subsides, the bicorn's humping accelerates.
The demon beast happily slams his huge cock into the same numb and tortured hole as before.
Iris "Heaahh... gakhh! Ohh! Gahhh!"
Each thrust continues to make Iris dry heave.
Her throat burns with gastric juices, and his tears flow with the pain.
Iris "Gaahnn... gyaaahh! It's too much... Please... stop... Heahhnn... hyaaahhnn... I'm begging you... Hnn!!"
Splllllrrrrrt, gshhhh! Gshhhhh!")
Iris "Gaaahh!? Gyaaahh... uhnnn! Heh... kehh... hnn... oooh! Haaahh... ohhh!? Hyaaahh!!"
Instead of an empty stomach, a mass of air now pushes out from her compressed lungs.
Overrun by the cock of the demonic beast, the defeated general is screaming in front of the spectators, shouting uncontrollably.
Audience Member A "Hah! Ain't never heard a squeal like that before!"
Audience Member B "The fucks wrong with you? Act like a lady and give us a cuter voice!"
Iris "Goohhnn!? Heaaaahhnnggg! Gaahh! Hnn... hhhnn! Uhyaaah! Hehhnnn!? Huhh... hmmmff... huhh!!"
Iris (Ahh... ahh... haaahhh... hnn!?)
While taking in the audience's onlookers, Iris becomes aware that her physical senses are gradually changing.
The pain is definitely there, but there is a heat spreading through her cunt countering it.
Iris "Uhmm... hmmff... huh!"
Bicorn "Buheheheh..."
Iris "Hnnn!?"
As the bicorn senses Iris's duress, he starts to rape her harder with his giant cock.
Her gaped anus burns and throbs.
The hair on the back of her head stands on end as she feels the cock in her cunt through her anus.
Iris "Uhh... T-That's... No... Hnn... No! I... am getting fucked... by a monster's cock... Hnn... I..."
Iris "But why... is having my shit hole fucked...? Why is it... starting to feel better?"
She tries to deny it to herself, but the rise in her libido is undeniable.
Perhaps it is a survival instinct taking over.
She believes she should not be feeling pleasure in this situation.
Iris (No! You fool! You fucking idiot!)
Bicorn "Buheheheheen!!"
Iris "Hee?"
Iris "Egyaaaaahhh! Kaaahnnnnggg!!"
Conflicted, Iris is continually struck by bolts.
She lets loose a throaty scream as she is skewered by his cock.
Iris "Hyaaaaahhh! Beaaaaahhhnnn! Hyaaaaaahhh!!"
Iris "Haahhhnnn! Kyaaaahhh! Hnn... kyaaaahh... hnnnnggg!?"
In the midst of the burning, intense pain, another sensation also rises rapidly.
Iris "Guhhh! Hnnnggg!! Hyaaahh!!"
Iris ascends to an unusual climax. It is similar to when her cunt was fucked. Her ass is subjected to horrific lightning pounding her ass.
Iris "Nhyahhhhh! Haaahh! Uhhnn! Haaahh! Hahhh..."
The bicorn's cock swells and spreads her gaping anus thoroughly.
Iris "What? Again? Nhnnnn... This time in my asshole!? Hahh!"
Iris "This... horse's cock... is raping my ass! Hnnn... There's so much... jizz... Hnnn!?"
She screams somewhere between delight and terror.
The color of sanity has been lost from her eyes, and her voice gets abrasive.
Iris "Hnnnffuhh... uhh... gahhh! Ohhhnnn... uhh!? Gaahhh... hnnn!!"
A strong urge to vomit causes her to gulp.
But she grows to want more, and she starts moving her own hips back and forth to tell him not to stop.
Iris "Gohh... ahhnngg!? Uhhaahh... hahh... No! Nhnnn... Rip my ass apart... with that horse cock... Hnn!!"
Iris "Gahh! Don't fuck my ass! Gahh!? Not my ass!"
Iris "Gahh... I can feel it... the head of your cock... so deep inside... Oh, fuck!"
Bicorn "Hehhhhnnn!!"
Iris "Huhhh!? Hannngg! Naaaaahh!!"
Everything about the frenzied shouting is the exact opposite of what she believes she should be feeling.
Twisted by the stimulation, she falls closer to climax.
As her cries echo off the walls of the city, Iris's ass turns blood red as the beast rapes it.
While writhing in pain, Iris's sensually damp breath is delivered to the audience.
Iris "Ahyeaahh! Naaah! Hnnnf! Hyeaaahh! Ahhnngg... gaaahh!"
Audience Member A "Hah! What a site! Damn, she's gettin' ass raped by a big ol' horse cock!"
Audience Member B "Some leader of some special fuckin' alliance, eh? She's not but a whore lovin' some animal cock in 'er ass!"
Iris "Hyeaaahh... chkh... gekh... hnn!"
Audience Member C "Relax! Everybody in this country will love you, you big pervert!"
Iris "No, that isn't me! I don't want this! I don't want to be raped by a fucking horse!"
Iris "How the fuck would I want a horse cock in my ass? Do you think I want it dumping cum into me?"
Iris "I... I... No... I-I won't cum! I don't enjoy this!"
Bicorn "Buheheheh...!?"
Despite what she says, spurred on by the audience she finds herself bucking her hips even more.
The bicorn is at a loss for what she is doing as she moves her body so violently.
Iris "Hnnmmm... Don't... No! Please don't! Just... get it over with!"
Iris "Get that thing out of me! Get it out of my ass! Go ahead and cum! Shoot it all the way into my stomach! I don't care!"
Iris "But... I won't cum... No, I won't! I will never cum from that!"
Bicorn "Buffhh... buheheheh! Buheheheheeenn!!"
Iris "Ooaaahh!?"
The bicorn pulls his hips far back.
He almost drags out Iris's guts with his cock too. The force gives her a tremendous orgasm.
Then, when he was nearly all the way out, he drives his cock back in, and all the way to her stomach, once more.
Bicorn "Buheheheheeenn!!"
Iris "Gyaaahhh!?"
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Bshhhh!")
Iris "Hahhnnngggguhhhh!!"
He pumps her guts full of horse spunk and forces her to have an anal orgasm.
Her belly swells up so much you wouldn't believe he has already cum once.
Iris "Hnnngg! Hyaaaahh! Ohaaaahh! Heehhh... No way... I can't... take it... Hnnngg!?"
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhh! Bshhhh!")
Iris "Nhyaaaahh! Gagnnnff... hngyaaahh!!"
Iris "Oh, fuck, I'm cumming! From being... hnn... fucked in my ass! Bhaaaahh!!"
Iris "Hoooh! There's so much cum... in my ass! Gaaaahh!!"
She takes so much pleasure from the jizz shooting into her that she loses all reason.
The words she learned in the whorehouse flood out of her mouth like a raging tide, and she shows off her lewd climaxes to the audience as much as she can.
His belly swells more and more with the overwhelming amount of cum, but even the sensation makes Iris squirm.
Iris "Ekh! Kekh! Ehnnnkh!!"
Spectator "Hoooooaaahahhh!!"
The audience cheers with fists raised and whistling as Iris climaxes after her asshole is ejaculated in by a horse cock.
Iris "I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming..."
Iris "Hnnff!?"
The gasps in response from the audience suddenly and unnaturally ceased.
Then...
Bicorn "Buheheheh!!"
Iris "Gaahhnmm! Hooohhh!!"
The cum that fills her intestines flows back up her esophagus through her stomach and finally gushes out of Iris's mouth.
Iris "Goohhnnnfff... gohhh! Gaaahh! Ohhhnnnfff! Ehnnnn... ahhnn... hhhaaaaaaahhhh!!"
Completely white-eyed and vomiting cum, Iris continues to scream in climax, her whole body leaping up and down.
Spectator "Whoooaaahhh!!"
The enthusiasm in the square that day is second to none as they cheer for Iris.
Iris "Gohh... gahh... uhh... hehhh... bahh..."
Iris "Kahh... uhkkhh... ohhhnnn..."
Iris loses consciousness as the bicorn's climax finally comes to an end.
Bicorn "Buheheheh!!"
Iris "Gahh... ehhnnn! Baahhh!!"
Her body shakes with the cock still in her ass as she pukes up his spunk.
Having finished off Iris in spectacular fashion, the bicorn is very good at what he does.
However, most of the cheers from the audience are directed at Iris for putting on a great show in an impossibly lascivious manner.
Spectators  "Iris! Iris! Iris! Iris!"
Iris "Kahf... huh... ahh... hahh..."
Her name is chanted by them all.
With all the cheers, Iris let out a broken smile as she drowns in cum. Her eyes are empty.
............
......
...
#04_iri011
Iris "............"
Iris stares blankly out her barred window.
There is no shine in her eyes, her face deflated and lifeless. Iris's heart, like the sky outside the window, is blocked by dark clouds.
A single tear trickles down her cheek.
Iris "Oh, Sera..."
She thoughtlessly whispers her name.
It's been days since the gauntlet she endured to meet Seraphina again.
That defeat and the fact that she was raped by a bicorn, climaxing from it in front of a crowd, has fundamentally complicated Iris.
She had already been forced to take patrons while working at a brothel.
She is becoming happy to devote herself to pleasuring them and even giving in to her own physical pleasure.
Even if a man treats her inhumanely, her body burns hot, and she begs him to make it rougher.
She can't resist doing such.
Iris "Tch..."
In her lethargic eyes, tears drip down her face.
She is forcefully transformed into the perfect whore.
Iris (It's come so far... Is there nothing I can do?)
At first, she just wanted to get close enough for Derek to drop his guard.
But the brainwashing of the Service Nation is really sinking in.
The voice in her heart questioning if it's really inappropriate for her to feel pleasure from this gets louder day by day.
And she is failing to resist it.
She feels her body is so defiled that she could never set foot on the sacred soil of her homeland once more.
Iris (I am damned... to live the rest of my days... as a whore of the Service Nation...)
Iris (Sera... I just wish I could see you again. But I failed you and my own hope...)
Iris (Forgive me, Sera...)
Suddenly, her chamber door swings wide open.
Derek "Huh, you don't look like you're doing too well."
Iris ".................."
Derek's words once summoned rebellion from her heart, but even that has been crushed.
She looks upon him with empty eyes.
Derek "I heard that you were losing more than just your piss-and-vinegar nature. Seems to be true."
Derek "Defanged, as it were, by being raped by that beast's horse cock."
Iris "It's not... I don't pity myself... I just hate myself..."
Derek "I don't care about that as long as you don't end up a coward."
Iris "Hnn... You just say whatever you want. What are you here to subjugate me with next?"
Iris "All I have left is what you see. A shell of flesh, disposed of for the pleasure of rapists. New ones every day, and I'm glad I'll never know their names."
Iris "So... are you satisfied?"
Derek "Not at all. You're just giving up. That's not the obedience I am looking for."
Iris ".................."
Iris doesn't understand what he means.
But it is too much to even think about it.
Iris "Whatever..."
Derek "Don't underestimate me. I can't sell you as a general if you've lost your pride and vigor. You're a product for me to sell. You are no better than any other whore here now."
Iris "What do you even want from me!?"
An almost-forgotten light flashes in Iris's eyes.
Iris "You think you know me so well to say such bullshit? Do you know how many of your men I sent straight to the heavens every day?"
Iris "And now... in the brothel, I get off more every day than the other girls... Yet you say I'm no different than the other whores..."
Derek "Hmm... Very well. I withdraw that statement."
Iris "Hnnf..."
Iris herself does not know what she is so angry about.
But Derek is gloating as he quiets Iris.
Iris is angry that her skill as a whore is going unnoticed.
While her heart is frustrated, the fact is that she is dyed in the stain of the Service Nation. That is the Iris of today.
Derek "I've got something else I wanted to talk to you about today."
Iris "What is it?"
Derek "About Seraphina."
Iris "Huh!?"
At the mention of her name, Iris's face shifts completely.
Derek "There is no other utterance that impacts you like the name Seraphina. Even from the depths of your self-pity."
Iris "What...!? What have you done with Sera?"
An inexpressible anxiety wells up in her chest. It is enough that she drops her lethargy and lashes out.
Derek "I told her you haven't been feeling yourself. So, she has insisted on seeing you. So, we've made a little deal."
Iris "Bastard!!"
She grinds her teeth in rage.
She doesn't know what those conditions might be, but she is sure that the delicate Seraphina would not be able to withstand them.
Iris "I'll take her place! Just leave her be!"
Derek "Even if you say that..."
Iris "I'm begging you! Leave it to me! Don't do anything to her..."
Her shoulders are tense with rage as she roars at Derek.
Worse than being an empty husk of a knight, she has no regret greater than Seraphina's misfortune.
She can't stomach the idea of Seraphina enduring as she has.
Derek "Well, since you insist... I'd be willing to let you substitute."
Iris "I don't care what it is, yes!"
Derek "Are you sure? I haven't even told you the details."
Iris "Whatever it is, I'll do it."
She answers Derek's smirk without hesitation.
The details wouldn't dissuade her anyway.
But Iris still remembers one point.
Iris "You were going to have her do some unspeakable thing in order to meet me, weren't you? Even so, I will fulfill her promise... just to meet her."
Derek "Oh, you two will meet, indeed."
Derek gives a relaxed nod as Iris's eyes burn with rage.
Derek "Well then, it's settled. It's going to take me a little while to get things ready again, so... I'll be back for you in five days."
Iris "In three."
Derek "Heh, can't wait, right?"
Iris "Oh, spare me. Finish your preparations faster."
Derek "What an order from the former general."
Iris "............"
With only an air of sarcasm left behind, Derek leaves the chamber.
Iris "General...? Hnn..."
Iris "Huh..."
A self-mocking laugh naturally slips out of her mouth.
She is no longer qualified to claim the bloodline of the Holy Kingdom. She is a prisoner in a wretched enemy country, forced to work as a whore.
The pride of her knighthood has long since been shattered.
Nothing but self-loathing remains.
Except for one thing...
Iris (Sera... I will save you... no matter what happens to my body...)
This is her vow to Seraphina. It is the last thing in her that is still Iris.
Then...
Three days pass, and as promised, Derek comes for Iris.
He leads her to the brothel district.
On the way there, Iris notices some commotion up ahead.
Iris "What's... going on?"
Derek "Looks like they couldn't wait to greet you."
Iris "Huh? What does that..."
The group in front also seems to have noticed us and Derek. They are approaching from straight ahead.
There are medium-sized monsters such as goblins and orcs, as well as large, hulking ogres and trolls, and finally little devilish imps.
The people around them rush to clear the way for the multifarious group of monster soldiers.
In no time at all, they are surrounded.
The monster soldiers all stare at Iris with lustful eyes.
To escape from their gaze, Iris twists herself.
Iris "Gah!!"
Fully aware of their hard-ons, the monsters are garbed in form-fitting garments.
Some are even walking with their cocks out in the middle of the thoroughfare.
They're all appendages of different shapes and sizes. Try as she might, she has to look.
Iris (What the hell? How is that real? Fucking abominations...!)
Iris shakes her head hurriedly, driving the cocks out of her thoughts and vision.
But the beastly stench of the monster soldiers cannot be ignored.
Iris "Kahh..."
Derek "Hey, where are you going?"
Iris walks back into Derek's chest plate with a thud.
Iris "Those monsters... This could... only mean... I'm here to..."
Derek "Yeah, you guessed right. You or Seraphina, it's got to be one of you two."
Iris "Guh... hnn..."
She grunts at Derek's tone.
She knows she cannot refuse.
But Iris's fear is not of being raped by monster soldiers.
Iris (Oh... No... it... can't be...?)
Her mind slips, and she finds herself looking at the monster cocks again.
She feels her libido rise.
Iris (It is totally different from a human's... That troll's cock is... so thick...)
Iris (A goblin's... and orc's... all around, their cocks twitching and throbbing...)
The monster soldiers have their cocks ready, telling Iris it's time to serve.
Iris "Hnng..."
The bizarre sight takes her breath away.
Despite her disgust... she cannot take her eyes away from their thick rods.
Derek "What's it going to be? If you don't want to do it, just say so."
Iris "That's so dumb. You know I'll do it!"
Iris has not the resolution of a whore but a knight right now.
Iris takes a deep breath and declares in a well-defined voice.
Iris "Come on, you freaks... You want some of this? Then come and take it!"
Monster Soldiers "Uraaaaahhh!!"
In response to her provocation, dozens of monstrous soldiers leap to attack Iris in unison. Their laughter is gleeful yet despicable.
#04_iri012h_iri07
Iris "Naaah... hnnn! Ahnggh... naaaahh!"
First, one orc penetrates her from behind.
This is the first time she has ever tasted an orc dick. It feels thicker and larger than a human dick, and its odd shape gives her goosebumps.
Iris (Kuhh... Great... I'm getting raped by monsters... I don't believe it...)
Iris's heart burns at the disgrace but not so much at the pain.
Iris is secretly ready to accept whatever man comes her way and just thinking about the orc cock makes her cunt writhe already.
Iris (After being raped by monsters... what will happen to my body? Will I survive? What will I become?)
Goblin A "Gyahahaha! Gonn' fuck dat whore mouth!"
Iris "Kaahhh! Uhhff... huh... hnnff..."
A petite goblin thrusts his dick, which is so large and erect completely disproportionate to his size, in front of Iris's face.
The stench is so bad that it causes her nose to twitch, but her cunt twitches with anticipation too.
She sees a troll's cock. It is so large that she can't even wrap her hand around it.
As she tries to get a grip on the situation, an imp latches onto her tit.
Imp "Sckkkk, sckkk, sckkk!"
Iris "Hehhh... Go ahead... do whatever you like to my tits..."
Iris is not the slightest bit afraid of being surrounded by monsters on the battlefield, but now she is being subdued by wild sexual desire that far surpasses that of human males.
Iris (Kuh... I must not show any fear! I just satisfy them...)
Iris "Hnn... huhn! Hnkh... huh... hnnn!"
Orc A "Buheheheh!"
She tenses her cunt and pushes her ass against the orc.
Her tight pussy on the orc's cock just invites him to pound her harder.
The rhythm is still much rougher than that of a human's.
Iris "Hanngg... ahhhuhh... hnngg... hnnn! Huhff... huh... hahh!"
Orc A "Guffaw! Take my huge dick, you pig!"
Iris "Hnnnngg!"
Iris (Hmmm... Is that something to brag about? It's not that big of a deal... There are plenty of human beings with bigger dicks.)
Iris (The bicorn's was... No! I'm not going to think like that!)
Iris "Hnn!?"
Her mind momentarily falters, but she quickly returns to her senses.
Iris (Uh... What's wrong with me? What am I thinking?)
Even in this wretched situation, Iris can't avoid evaluating the cocks.
She feels like she can already hear Derek's mockery from behind the monsters.
Iris (Kuh... I won't lose! I am no longer ashamed... to act like a whore... I will behave as you want me to behave!)
Iris (If it means... I can be reunited with Sera...)
Iris "Hnnnggg! Naaahh... ahhgg... ahh! It's so... deep... in... Uhh!"
She moans as her body twists with each thrust.
She wiggles her hips teasingly and turns her flirtatious gaze to the orc behind her.
Iris "Hnn! I've never felt such a powerful cock! The pleasure from it is unbelievable... Hahnnh... I've never had one like this before!"
She twists her hips and slams her ass against him, releasing loud and obscene sounds.
The praise seems almost deliberate, but the orc is delighted and slams his hips into her even harder.
Orc A "Gurheh! Harder! I fuck!"
Iris "Ahh! Raped... by giant orc cock! Naah... It's going to leave my cunt agape! My pussy... Hnn!"
She fucks back to try to get him off as soon as possible, acting like a slutty whore with no sense of shame.
She is just a prostitute, groping her male client and telling herself that this is all an act.
Imp "Sckkkk, sckkkkk..."
Iris "Hnnkh!? Kufffhh... khhhnn!"
Her inner voice is snuffed out as the imp clings to her nipple.
Imp "Hhmmumhmmhmum... These tits... are so tasty... I can't stand it!"
Iris "Aahh... uhh... hnngg... ahh... Yes! My tits... feel so good... Suck... hnmm... them more... ooh!"
In that brief break, all she has to do is put on the smile of a whore.
Imp "Keheheh! Sckkkkk, sckkkk!"
Iris "Kyaaah... hnnkh... haahnn!?"
Orc A "Gurheh! Squeeze your cunt tighter!"
Iris "Hnnnfhh... ahh!? Naaahh! Affhh... hahh... naah... ahhn!"
While the imp tortures her breasts, she is burning inside as she is raped from behind by the orc's dick.
Her body jerks, and she moans in a coarse voice. It is clearly not an act.
Goblin A "Gyah, don'cha forget me!"
Iris "Haahh... hah... Sorry... Here... Hnn..."
The impatient goblin rubs Iris's lips and cheeks with his dick.
Iris apologizes with a flattering smile and extends her tongue to the dirty head of his cock.
Iris "Hahh... This dick too...Ngh, muah... hnnn, khh, khhhh... muah, sckkk, lckkk..."
Iris (It's so... disgusting! It's rotting on my tongue!)
The stench of rotten meat comes up and out her nose when she touches it with her tongue, and tears form in her eyes.
The head of his cock is rough, unnatural, and inhuman.
Goblin A "Kuheheh, tasty, ain't it?"
Iris "Uhh... nuhhh... ahh... This filthy cock... is so good... Nghhh... lckkkkkk... lckkkkk, sckkkk... ngh, lckkkk... nghhh, pahhhhhh..."
She smiles again while enduring the feeling of vomiting. She licks and rubs the head of his cock with her tongue.
The gunk sticks to her tongue, and when she swallows it, she feels like vomiting.
Still, Iris looks up at the goblin while using her tongue.
Iris "Sckkkk... lckkkk, lckkkkk... uhhhh, hahhh, lckkkkkk..."
Iris "Sckkkk... sckkkk, lckkkkkk... nghhh... kaff... hahhhh... sckkkk, lckkkk... lckkkk, lckkkkkkk..."
She traces the tip repeatedly, painstakingly licking off the stinky grime from the grooves under and around the head of his cock.
After the smegma dissolves in her drool, she swallows the foul-smelling substance.
Even though it should be incredibly uncomfortable, it makes her heart grow hotter and hotter, and the movement of her tongue becomes more adept.
She jerks the troll's cock while trying to finish the goblin in her mouth.
Iris "Lckkkkk, sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrrp, sckkk, nghhhhh, lckkkk... hnghhhh, kffffff, nghhhh..."
Iris (Uhh... It tastes so bad... It's the worst... The smell... it stings my eyes... It's so foul...)
Goblin A "Gyahahaha! Good, ain't it?"
Iris "Nghhhh... ahhhh, nghhhhh, thank you... Muah, sckkkkkk, lckkkk, lckkkkk..."
The goblin's compliment makes her stiffen for a moment.
Even though she is being performative, she still appreciates the praise.
Iris (Am I... really enjoying this? No, no, no... No way... This is all just an act to meet Sera!)
Iris "Sckkkkk, sckkkkk, lckkkk, muah, lckkkkk..."
She licks the dick in front of her with all the skills she has acquired, repeating in her mind that she is only pretending to be a whore.
She can't suppress the lust swelling in her as she works the cock with her tongue.
Orc A "Gurheh! Gah!"
Iris "Hahhnn... hnnn! Ahh! Stick it in deeper! Hnn!"
Imp "Sckkkkk, sckkkkkkk!"
Iris "Kuhh! Hahh... huh... ahff... huhh! Bite them! Bite my nipples! Stretch them out!"
Her face is tinged with sensuality, and her breath bubbles lewdly at the orc's rough pounding and the imp's torture of her tits.
Troll "Gurheh! Gruaaaaahhh!"
Iris "Huhh... hahh... Forgive me... let me jerk that troll cock of yours now..."
She strokes his dick, which is so thick that her fingers can't get around it while supporting it with the palms of her hands.
She twists her hands below the head of his cock as the troll trembles and groans in pleasure.
The troll's and goblin's cocks have a powerful stench.
The slutty side of Iris is awakened by the stench quite unexpectedly.
Iris "Naaah! Aahhggh... byaaahh!"
Surrounded by the muscular males, the orc's dick pumps vigorously into her hole which constricts as if as a conditioned reflex.
As Iris's pussy is pounded hard, a large amount of her juices ooze out from between the folds of her flesh.
Orc A "Gurheh! Close! Pussy tight! Whore! Cum soon!"
Iris "Akh... haaah... hyaah! Ahnnggg... ahh... No... that's... too deep... Uhh! Hyaah!"
Iris (Hahh... I... I'm just faking it... pretending to be a whore... I'm not... supposed to like an orc's cock!)
Iris's voice is bewildered, and it becomes more and more filled with arousal.
She understands that the facade of acting is slowly fading into truth.
Try as she might to deny it, her cunt tells the true story.
Iris "Ahh... oohh... naaah! Nhyaah! More... Stronger... Harder... More!"
Her true voice escapes her control as the orc thrusts harder into her.
Even though she tries to hold back, her hips move on their own to willingly welcome the monster's dick.
Iris (This is so bizarre... What's... What's happening to me? I shouldn't... like this!)
Iris shakes her head and tries to keep her conviction, but she is losing her mind to a stronger force.
Goblin A "Fuckin' whore! Don't stop yer tongue!"
Iris "Ngbfffff!? Sckkkk, slllllrrrrp, bahhh! Sllllrrrrp, mnghhhhh! Sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrrrp!"
Suddenly, she is forced to suck the goblin's smelly dick all the way to the back of her throat.
Her body trembles as she holds back vomit as the crumbs of smegma melt in her spit.
However, Iris suppresses that, and she keeps sucking the cock deep inside her throat.
Iris (Oh, fuck! It's so disgusting! Akh! I'm going to puke!)
Iris "Mm, slllrrrrp, sllllrrrrrp, sckkkk! Pahhh... nghh, sckkkkkkk!"
She sticks his cock deep into her mouth, sucking hard on his cock as he pulls his head away, stroking his rod with her lips.
At the same time, she tries to keep the troll entertained as she works the shaft of his cock.
Iris "Ughhhhh, sllllrrrrp, nghhhhh... hnn!"
Iris (Ahh... My body has become so foreign to me... My mouth... hands... and pussy... are all stained by monster cocks...)
Iris (And yet, I'm so horny... My body... my pussy burns with desire... It's so hot!)
Her flesh turns flush as her libido rises. The sweat beading from her skin fills the air with the fragrance of a bitch in heat.
The smell coaxes even more vigor from the monsters as the male and female stenches mingle.
Orc A "Uuhgeeh! Cum! Close, geh!"
Iris "Gbffff!? Ghhhhhhh... hnnn! Bah, pah, mffff... sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrrp, sllllrrrrp, sckkkkk, sckkkkkk!"
The orc's cock throbs inside her as it pounds away with increasing speed.
The imp also sucks on her nipples with great intensity, biting and pulling hard with his sharp teeth.
The goblin's cock is still in her mouth as she feels precum dribble out of the troll's cock.
Iris (Ahh... hahh... Gotta... get them all off! On me... and inside my... Ahh!)
Iris "Hnnnff... uhh... hnn... hahh! Hmmm... huh... hnn!"
Sensing they are close to finishing, Iris speeds up her hands and head.
As if to beg for a creampie, she pushes her ass against the orc.
Each dick becomes burning hot.
Iris "Nghhhh, slllllrrrrrp, nghhhh, sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrrrp, pahhhh! Hahhh, mfffff, hnghhhh, hahhh, hahhh! Sllllrrrrrrp!"
She tightens around the cocks in her cunt, throat, and between her hands.
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh!! Gshhhh! Gshhhh, gshhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hnnmmmff! Hnnnnhaaaahh... hnnn!"
A staggeringly large amount of jizz explodes inside and outside her body.
She moans over the cock in her mouth as her whole body shudders.
Goblin A "Hey, drink it, you pig! E'ery las' drop!"
Iris "Ngpffff, sllllrrrrrp, sllllrrrrrrp! Hahhh, slllrrrrp, ghhhh... sckkkkk, ghhhhhh! Gpfffffffff..."
The goblin shoves his cock down her throat as he cums.
She gulps and swallows the goblin's jizz while sweating and melting due to the heat of the moment.
The troll's jizz hits her like a shot to the face.
Iris "Bahh! Gyaahh... hnngg... hnn! Hnff... hmmhh!"
Her body shakes under the force of the cum pelting her face.
At the same time, the orc pumps her full of splooge from behind.
Bshhhhhh! Bshhhh! Bshhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hmmmmff!! Hnnngg... hahnnmmhh... hnnnnf... huhh! Hnnnn!!"
Iris is soaked in a shower of foul-smelling fluids, and she actually cums herself before she realizes what's going on.
Iris "Pahhh... pahhh... hyah... ahhh... lckkk... lckkkk... sckkkkk..."
Finally, the squall of spunk subsides.
Iris doesn't need anyone to tell her to start licking to clean the dicks surrounding her.
It's a habit she picked up from living in a whorehouse.
Iris "Slllllrrrrrrp... lckkkk, sllllrrrrrp... lckkk, sckkkk... lckkkkkkk... sllllrrrrrp... glggg, nghhh... nghhh, hahhh... hnnn..."
She licks off the cum from the rod, mixes it with her saliva, and makes deliberate sucking sounds to please them.
When she swallows it down noisily, the breath coming out of her nose reeks of cum.
Goblin A "Gyahahaha! Feel good, don't it?"
Orc A "Pussy is tight! Gyah! Cumming in yer whore pussy!"
Iris "Hnn... lckkkk, sckkk, sckkk... hnnn..."
Her shoulders shudder at the sound of the orc's voice.
She concentrates on cleaning their cocks to avoid further direction.
Iris (Ugh... Sure, I came... but I suppose there's no helping it... when I'm fucked like that...)
Iris (I just have to remember... no matter how much my flesh is polluted... my mind will persevere...)
She bemoans herself for being consumed by pleasure but desperately reminds herself that she is still going to be alright.
Around Iris, the other monster soldiers start pestering the first round of beasts, who have finished already, to get out of the way.
And even though Iris's cleaning is not yet finished, the changeover takes place without regard to Iris's confusion and melancholy.
Iris "Naah! Ahh... hahhhffn! That's... ahh... too much! Hnn! This dick... is too hard... Hyaaahh!"
Iris begins panting as soon as the second orc's cock is inside her cunt.
The pins and needles from her orgasm still linger in her pink folds as the next cock divides them.
Orc B "Gurheh! My cock... is bigger... yes?"
Iris "Ahh... It's s-so good. It's so hard... and thick... Hnn! And this one too. They're both great!"
Orc B "Raah? Me gonna break the cunt!"
Iris "Nhyaaahh! Hahhh! It's so thick... I can feel... my pussy being pulled further open!"
Iris "But this is----uhhhh! The ridge around the head of your cock is incredible... When it pounds me----! Hahh, you're rubbing, hahh, hnghhh, the flesh of my cunt... hnn!"
Orc B "Gurheh! Cunt know difference!"
Iris "Hyaah... hehhnn! Oh, thank you... so much!"
As a whore, she knows what the correct answer is.
The second orc pumps away in the mingling fluids in her cunt.
Iris "Ahh... ahhf... heehh! You're so deep! The hard... head of your cock... I feel it... in my womb!"
Iris "Hnn... When you pull your cock back... Ahh! My pussy aches for it! Fuck me!"
As her hole, still sensitive from its orgasm, is fucked, she continues to express her indecent thoughts.
Iris (Hah... It's... just an act... No... Hnnn!)
Iris (When I say such vulgar things... I can't help but feel good...)
She can no longer deny her pleasure. Her body overrides her choice to suppress it.
Iris "Kafh... hah... More... Hnn! Deeper! Harder! Fuck me with your giant orc cock! Fuck my whore cunt!"
Goblic B "Hey, ain't it 'bout time you suck this 'ere cock?"
Troll "Gufah! Gooh!"
Iris "Ahh... hhh... hahh... hnn, haaah!"
A second goblin and troll stick out their waiting cocks.
Iris "Mmmmm, mmm, sckkkkkk...! Ngh, gpfff, sckkkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkkkk!"
Not to be outdone by the first, the present goblin's cock is even more filthy and smegma-covered.
But the scent stabbing at her brain and the tumb-numbing bitterness starts to feel wonderful.
Goblic B "Gyaha, this shit is good!"
Iris "Sckkkkk, mmmmm... gpfffff!? Bahhh, hahh, mfff... pah, slllrrrrp, slllrrrp! Sllllrrrrrp, slllrrrrp, sckkkk, sllllrrrrrp!"
The goblin also thrusts his hips and fucks Iris's throat as she takes him in deeper.
She swallows more down the back of her throat, occasionally letting out a guttural sound.
While handling the troll's big dick, she imagines what would happen to her cunt if he fucked it.
Iris "Mnghhhhh, slllllrrrrrrp, sllllrrrrrrp! Slllllrrrrp, pahhhh, sllllrrrrrp, sllllrrrrp, sckkkkk!"
Passerby A "Holy fuck, take a gander at that!"
Iris "Huh!?"
The voice of a human stands out among the monsters.
Passerby B "Heh, the monster soldiers are always busy, aren't they? Dusk 'til dawn."
Passerby A "No, not them. The bitch. She was the one the bicorn raped, right? Isn't she the former general from the Holy Kingdom, right?"
Passerby C "Oh! Yeah, fuck yeah!"
Iris "Bahhhhh, sckkkk... ughhhh...!"
She fills with shame over being recognized. Even her sexual service slows.
But the cocks around her are still in a hurry.
Goblic B "Don't skimp, you whore!"
Iris "Hnnngg! Ugh... bahhhh!"
Orc B "Gurheh! Look a' me!"
Iris "Hnn... hmmm! Hnnp... kahfh!"
As her upper and lower holes are penetrated, Iris rocks her body back and forth in response.
Passerby A "Hahahah! So this is how the general of the Holy Kingdom gets promoted, eh?"
Passerby B "Don't she look happy sucking on that goblin's cock?"
Passerby C "Guess after the bicorn she's moved on from human dick."
Iris (Huh? You don't know anything... Hn... You don't have any idea... what I like...!)
Iris "Sckkkkkkkkk, sckkkkk! Sckkkkkk, sckkkkkkkkkkkk!!"
Goblic B "Buheh!?"
She gets flustered as they ridicule her, sucking the cock in her mouth harder.
She also squeezes her pussy and wiggles her ass to arouse the orc's dick.
Iris (Gotta finish 'em quick! Hahh... Faster!)
Orc B "Bhaahnn... hnn... Damn it!"
Troll "Whoooahh!!"
As if Iris's wish has been granted, the monsters let out an impassioned grunt in unison.
She can feel their meat swelling in her hand, mouth, and cunt.
Iris "Slllllrrrrrrp, sllllrrrrrp, sckkkk! Sckkkkk, sllllrrrrrrp! Sckkk, sckkkkkkkkkk!!"
Goblic B "Gwaah... You're suckin' it outta me!"
Orc B "And me! I'm cummin' too, buheheh!"
Iris "Guh... ahhnngg... baahh... hnnngg! Uhh... hmfph... uhh!!"
They all start thrusting their hips with vigor.
She can feel the filthy cocks in her throat and ram into her cervix.
Then...
Troll "Guaaah!"
Iris "Hnmmm... hnkhch... hnnn!!"
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Bshhhhhh! Bshhhhh, gshhhhhh, bshhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hnnnmmh! Hnn... hnmmh! Hnnn! Hah!"
Cued by the troll's roar, the monsters cum all at once, spraying their sperm at and in her.
Something like pleasure swells in Iris's chest as she feels the pulsing of the bouncing dick in her pussy, the back of her throat, and the palm of her hand.
Iris "Hmmmmff!! Hnnngg... hahnnmmhh... hnnnnf... kaffh!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh! Gshhhhhh!")
The filth pours into her mouth and the back of her cunt once more.
From the bouncing troll's big cock, an extraordinary amount of cum also slaps her face.
Iris "Hmmmmff!! Hnnngg... hahnnmmhh... hnnkh!"
Iris is again propelled to climax due to the endless torrent of hot cum.
Iris does not resist the overwhelming pleasure, moaning sweetly and becoming intoxicated by it.
Iris "Nghhhh... muah, sckkk, muah... hnn... nahh, ahhh... hahhh... lckkk, lckkkk... lckkk, sckkkkk..."
Iris is out of breath, but as usual, she naturally cleans up the mess with her tongue.
After sucking out the cum that remains in his rod, she sucks off the remainder that he could not dislodge with her lips when she pulls out the goblin's cock.
Goblic B "Gyahahaha! You like that goblin jizz, don'cha?"
Iris "Hahh... Hnn... Gobjizz... hnn... is so different form man-jizz... It's thick and delicious..."
Orc B "Gurheh! My cock... biggest?"
Iris "Oh, so big... so good. The way you fuck my pussy... You made me cum because you gave me all your seed... Thank you..."
She tries to flatter the monsters as best she can just like she does when dealing with a male human.
Passerby A "How can she do that... is she really of noble blood?"
Passerby B "She's a hot slut, ain't she? Damn, wish I was fuckin' her too!"
Passerby C "Well, fuck. Seems like she only has an interest in monster cocks now."
The mockery of the humans and monsters alike weighs on her mind.
Iris no longer has the energy in her heart to argue.
Iris (No, no, I thought I could... bear it, but... I can't... I can't do this... anymore...)
Iris (If I keep getting fucked... all over my body... by so many monsters' cocks... like animals! Ahhhh!)
Exhausted from being continuously raped, her body has a somewhat languid, indescribably sexy scent.
Perhaps hit by their sex appeal, a commotion breaks out among the monsters who are waiting for their turn.
Iris "Lckkkk, sckkkk, lckkk... hahhh..."
Iris looks at them and licks her lips to try to entice their attention to her.
Ogre "Gurheh! Gruaaaaahhh!"
A lumbering ogre approaches Iris from behind while fending off the other monsters.
At the same time, another goblin takes his spot in front of her mouth.
Iris unconsciously glances at the new goblin's and ogre's dick to check the sizes.
Iris "T-They're so thick... Hahh... hnn... hnkh..."
Although not as large as a troll's, the ogre's dick is a size larger than the orcs' from before.
The tip is also large and umbellate, and there are several ugly warts on the shaft.
But it is not fear or disgust that wells up in her heart but expectation and excitement.
Iris (Ahhh, no... I can't look forward to this, hnn... I can't want to get fucked by an ogre's cock... hnn...)
She can see the ogre laughing as if he has seen Iris's heart stop.
Mlchhhhhh!! Mlchhhh... mlchhhhhh!")
Iris "Hnhyaaaahh! My ass! Hnngg! Ahh... kyaaaahh!!"
She is in shock over the meat penetrating her rectum. The huge dick is halfway into her as her ass audibly tears.
Ogre "Guoaaaahhh!"
Iris "Huyaaahh!? Kaaahhhh! Hahh... heahh!!"
Spllllrrrrt, bshhh! Bshhhhh!")
As the ogre shoves his cock in her ass, a stream of jizz shoots out of her cunt.
Goblin C "Gyahah! You came out of your pussy while getting fucked in the ass!"
Iris "Nyeaaah... ahh... hahh! My ass! Hnn! My asshole!"
She flails like a madman and screams.
Ogre "Gurheh! Gruaaaaahhh!"
Iris "Hnngg... uhhff... hahh... hyaah! Put it inside me! Fuck my ass with your giant dick!"
Iris has come to understand the Ogre's yelp. As a woman, as a whore, she understands what males want.
Wincing in agony from the intense sensation that numbs her head and opens every pore in her body, Iris raises her hips and begs for insertion.
Goblin C "Kyahahah, if you get fucked in the ass by an ogre, your ass is going to be left so agape that shit might just fall right out of your ass?"
Iris "Heh, I'm fine! I'm fine! Even with a giant dick... it feels so good... I came... I'll cum... I just want him to fuck my filthy asshole!"
The pulsations throbbing in her anus remind her of that unutterable pleasure she had experienced when raped by the bicorn.
Iris "Fill my ass up faster! Fuck this slutty ass... with your thick cock! Fuck me deeply...! Explode inside of me!!"
Ogre "Gurheh! Gruaaaaahhh!"
Splllllllrrrrrrrt!! Glshhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hnnngg! Hyaahhnn... hehhnn... kahhh... hyeaaahhh!!"
She can feel the head of his cock against her uterus through the lining of her ass once the ogre finally drives his cock all the way inside her ass.
Iris twists her face and tongue over the length of the goblin's cock, slobbering on it while she moans.
Then another hard blow is struck into her asshole.
Iris "Hnnng... hngaaahh... hyaaah! It's like when the horse cock made me cum! Your fat fucking cock! I'm going to cum from it!"
Her body is numb from climaxing, and the ogre mercilessly fucks her from behind.
Her uterus is crushed through her intestinal wall, her internal organs are pummeled, and her lungs and stomach almost push up into her mouth.
Iris "Gahh!? Ohaaooohh... buahh... kahhf... hnnng... hnngg! Hehh! Hnnngg!! I'm cumming!!!"
The ogre is surprisingly slow and steady, thrusting his hips in small circles.
Iris screams and moans, feeling a mixture of pleasure and pain as the cock inside her ass pushes up on her organs.
Iris "Gaph... hahff... hnnn! Oh, fuck, your dick... hah... it's fuckin' huge... It feels so damn good... Gah!?"
Iris "Gah! Give me more! More of that giant fucking cock! Gahh... I'm gonna cum!"
She repeatedly screams out in orgasmic pleasure. She's at the mercy of the ogre's dick.
When his cock thrusts into her all the way down to the base, her pussy gapes open and closed, the cum inside of it erupting out.
All the monsters start to violently thrust upon her.
Iris "Gbrghhhh!? Bahhh, mnghhhh! Sckkkk, sckkkkk, sckkkkk! Bghhhhh!"
She happily devours the third goblin's dick as if it is her favorite food.
The fishy smell and the bitter, salty taste are so delicious that her brain feels like it is about to expire.
Goblin C "Kihyahyah, you're sucking too much already!"
Iris "Hoohff... It's just such delicious goblin cock... It's so good...! Mmm, pahhh, sckkkk, sckkkk... sllllrrrrp, sckkkkkk!"
Iris "Sllllrrrrp, hnghhh, the troll's dick is also, nghhh, so thick and incredible...! Hahhh, this cock, I must eat it up with my lower hole right away!"
Troll "Goreh! Gohahhh!"
She smiles flirtatiously at the monster soldiers, her mouth overflowing with drool.
There is no trace of the once noble general.
Iris "Sllllrrrrp, nghhh, sckkkk! Sckkkkk, sckkkkk, sckkkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkkkk!"
She moves her head to the rhythm of the goblin while working the troll's cock with her hand.
Then, the ogre strikes another powerful blow from behind into her ass.
Ogre "Gurheh! Gruaaaaahhh!"
Iris "Hnnnnggghhh!?"
The momentum of the thrust from behind sends the dick in her mouth even deeper into the back of her throat.
Iris's writhing body slumps in agony and every muscle in it contracts harder and harder. The lining of her asshole and throat tighten to the point of crushing the dick pushing into her asshole.
The ogre and goblin howl at the pleasure of the experience, and with matched movements, they simultaneously thrust their dicks into her.
Iris "Hghhhhh, mbffff, nghhhhhh! Nbhhhhh, gbfffff! Muah, sckkkkk!"
The pleasure of having her throat fucked and the heat of having her anus gouged out collide deep inside her body and erupt into an inferno of lustful desire.
Iris moans loudly and arches her back.
Iris "Buhyaaahh! Gakhh... guhh! Gehooh! Hoohh... hnn... khh... hyaaah... hnnn... nhyaaahh!"
The cock in her mouth flops out due to the momentum.
Iris drools and screams out over her impending climax.
Iris "Hnnngg... uhhff! My ass... fuck it hard! I'm so close!"
She is treated like an object, degraded to the point of humiliation, but all she cries out for is the pleasure that the dick brings her.
Goblin C "Hey, why aren't you sucking!?"
Iris "Ahhhhh, I'm sorry, b-but I can't... This huge dick is pounding my asshole... I can't... suck your dick!"
Goblin C "Kihyahyah, well, to fuck with it all! Just stretch out that tongue!"
Iris "Yes, lckkk, ngh, lckkk!"
Iris works hard to extend her tongue as she endures the ogre's cock in her ass.
The goblin not only makes her lick it but also slaps her cheeks with it as if to insult her, pushing the head of his cock into her nostrils with a giggle.
Iris "Kbfffff... nghhhh, lckkkk, lckkkkk, lckkkkkk, lckkkkk, hahhh... Your cock is delicious... Let me smell it more!"
Iris "Kffff! Snfff, snfff... sckkkk, slllrrrrp, lckkkk, lckkkk, sckkkk! Muah, muah, snfffffff!"
Wincing at the male odor that fills her nostrils, Iris licks his cock with an increasingly debauched face, kissing it feverishly.
Iris "Muah! Muah, muah... nghhhhhhhhhh!!?"
Then again, the ogre strikes a heavy blow.
Iris "Hoyhhh! My ass! My ass! Oooohh! Oh, fuck, my ass!"
Iris "My asshole can't take it anymore! I'm cumming again! I'm getting pounded by a monster's cock! The ass fucking is sending me over the edge!"
A pillar of fire rises from her anus and penetrates her brain.
Her endurance has long since run out, and Iris is already begging madly for more.
Iris "Make me cum! Fuck my ass! Hnn... It's so good! Amazing! Give me more!"
Iris "Ahh, fuck my ass! Fuck my filthy whore ass! Break me! Punish me with your ogre cock!"
Ogre "Guaaah!"
Iris "Naaahh! Uaaahhh... huhhff... haaah! Ahhh... hyaah! Heehh! Hnnnn! Hwaaaahh!!"
After her almost delirious, lewd begging, she is subjected to furious thrusts and screams out in pleasure.
The ogre speeds up, fucking her with powerful, heavy movements as though trying to tear her apart.
Ogre "Gurheh! Gruaaaaahhh!"
Goblin C "Gyahahahah! Gonna cover your titties in spunk!"
Iris "C-Cum for me! Hnnn! I'm also going to cum! Cum in my whore ass! I'm already cumming!!"
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhh, bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hyaaaahhh! Nhyaaahh! Hahhhhh!"
Her rectum bathed in jizz, Iris makes her most debauched sounds ever.
Goblin C "Gyahah! This way, you fucking pig!"
Iris "Hyaahh... ahh... Sorry! Yes, I'm your pig! Give your pig all your jizz, Mister Goblin!"
Spllllrrrrrt, bshhh! Bshhhhh!!")
Iris "Naaahh... hyaaahh... hnnhh! I'm cumming... again... from getting fucked in the ass!"
Iris "I want to cum and swallow all your, Mister Goblin! Cum for me!"
Troll "Guaaah!"
Bshhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Naaaahnn!! Mister Troll! Hahhh! There's just too much cum!!"
Iris "Oh, fuck, it's good! Amazing!"
Imp "Kuheh!!"
Iris "Hnnff... hnnn... My tits are also getting sucked so lewdly... Oh, you sweet imp... I'll cum from your jizz!!"
Iris calls out in as erotic a voice as she can muster as she tries to get the monsters off.
She slams her ass back into the ogre. Her asshole is tight from having orgasmed. More hot jizz spews into her anus.
Iris "Hnn... hnnnnf! More! Cum more! Finally, make me cum with your, nahh, huge ass cock, Mister Ogre!!"
Iris "I'm an anal whore! Nghhh, hahhhhh! Mister Ogre! Hahhh, hahh, take pity on me!!"
Ogre "Hooh! Guoaaaahh!!"
Iris "Naaahh! Haahhnngguhhh! Hnng... uhgg... nnnggh!!"
As the ogre climaxes, he continues to pump his dick while cumming.
He thrusts into her cum-filled asshole all the way to the base of his cock.
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhhh, gshhhhhhhhh!")
Iris "Hyaaaahhhhh! Nhyaaauuhhh!!"
A torrent of steaming spunk spews into her, seeking solace somewhere in her stomach.
Her entrails are filled with spunk, and she is sucked into an orgasmic hell.
Iris "Hahh... hah... naah... hyaahh... hahhh... hahh... hnnn..."
Her body is overrun with cum, and the air reeks of the scent of animals fucking.
Her reticent eyes have been burned by too much intense pleasure, and the light of reason has been lost from them.
A large drop of cum runs down the bridge of her nose, dripping from the tip of her nose.
Iris "Hah... hahh... haaahh... hnnn... hakh... hnn... hahhff... ahh..."
Iris "Ahh... I'm such a filthy pig... covered in all your jizz... Thank you... Hmmm..."
While numb from the afterglow of her climax, she flatters the monsters.
Despite the cruel way she's been handled, her body trembles from the thrill.
As he shivers, the white spunk from the ogre is dribbling out of her open anus, bursting out like white excrement.
The monsters are pointing at Iris and laughing.
Iris (Ahh... I... I... I'm... already...)
Around Iris, the monsters are beginning to argue again over the next order of business.
Iris is not in despair over the fact that she is still going to be fucked but feels joy that she can still be fucked further.
Iris "Hahh... hah... ahh... hah..."
Her mind spins as she wonders what has become of her.
She has endured so much humiliation to save Seraphina, and her body has become so filthy.
And yet, now she feels pleasure over the defilement. She wants to be fucked even more.
Iris (Ahh... hah... Sera...)
Iris (I've done everything to meet her... Hahahah... Is this enough now?)
The monsters laugh at her lasciviousness, but Iris shakes her raised ass as if she wants to be fucked immediately.
............
......
...
#04_iri013
Iris "Sera..."
How many times has she said that name?")
Seraphina Rentoit.
The irreplaceable person she must protect. Her best friend, beyond anyone or anything else in this world.
After serving the monsters, Derek promised to let them meet.
Now, after being brought to the Service Nation, they can finally meet.
But Iris's heart is enveloped not with joy but with anxiety.
Iris "Can I really meet... Sera again?"
Seraphina, an ancient high elf, is in the most unclean nation in the world.
She has tried to be a person worthy of her.
But she wonders about the person she has become.
Dyed in the colors of the Service Nation, she has honed the technique of pleasing males with her mouth, hands, cunt, and ass.
Not only that but even when fucked by the monsters, she began to seek pleasure herself.
If Seraphina is disappointed...
She feels she only has herself to blame.
Iris sighs heavily.
Iris "Hah... hnn..."
In that moment, Derek enters.
But not with Seraphina.
Seeing this, she cannot hide her dismay.
Derek "Don't worry. I've told Seraphina to head this way. She will be here in a few hours."
Iris "I... I see..."
She is relieved but not trusting of Derek's words.
The thought that it might finally happen only makes her more anxious.
Derek silently watches her.
Iris ".................."
Just feeling his eyes on her makes her pussy tingle.
To deceive herself, she throws verbal jabs at Derek.
Iris "What do you want? You can just come back with her."
She is alone with him.
She has a heightened sense of her original intentions, his maleness, and her confusion.
Iris "Hnn..."
She gasps slightly at the male scent coming off of Derek.
She fidgets uncomfortably as she cannot see his face.
Derek "Huh..."
Iris "What? What is it now?"
Suddenly, Derek laughs.
Iris glares and tries to keep her cool.
Derek "No..."
Iris "What... the hell?"
Derek "You've grown up quite a bit. You're not the pissy little brat you once were."
Iris "Hnn!"
Her face blushes with something greater than anger at Derek's words.
Iris "Oh, shut up already! You force people to work in this place... and have so much to say."
Derek "Heh, don't get your knickers in a twist."
Iris "Hnnn..."
Derek closes the distance with a laugh and gently places a hand on Iris's shoulder.
It's been days since she felt the touch of a man, and she immediately feels that certain warmth within her.
Derek "I'll be honest with you, I wasn't that interested in you. I don't like kids who are just whiny."
Derek "I was merely going to make an example of you. An example for the whole world to see."
Derek "I would be willing to add you to my collection of slaves now."
Iris "What...? Your slaves?"
Derek "Sure. You'd still work as a whore, but the rest of the time you'd be my plaything."
Derek "You could take pleasure in serving your master's cock with all the skills you've honed on the street. Tempting, isn't it?"
Iris "Kch..."
He strokes her cheek and whispers.
It is an impossible humiliation, an insult beyond insult, and yet she cannot put words to her refusal of what he has to say. Her consciousness is almost swept away.
Derek "What do you think? We could try it once before you make up your mind."
Derek "But Iris... I make this offer to you because I think you're worthy of my cock."
Iris (Have I leveled up so much? Have I... become such a note-worthy whore?)
Derek "Well, what'll it be?"
Iris "Well..."
Iris "Hnh!"
Iris "Don't kid yourself!"
Derek "Hnn!"
Iris pushes Derek away with both hands.
As she shakes, Iris feels like something is wrong with her.
Iris "How could I do that? How could I possibly be your slave? This is a stupid game!"
Derek "Hnn, really? Too bad."
Iris "Hah... hah... ahh..."
Breathing hard, Iris is shaken.
She is horrified at having considered it for just a moment.
Even now, after refusing with all her might, her body is still burning from the inside out after being touched by Derek and hearing his absurd suggestion.
Derek "Well, alright. For now, I need to tally up your skill as a whore."
Iris "Huh?"
Derek "If you really satisfy me, I'll add you to the list of slaves, got it?"
Iris "Keep wishing!"
Derek "Hahah, well, you'll have to deal with me anyway. You're a whore, and a whore's duty is to serve."
Iris "Huh!?"
Iris's heart skips a beat.
Even if up until now she has been ordered to serve people, Derek has never ordered her to serve him.
Iris (T-That... now... Hnn... hmmm...)
Iris tries to express her displeasure at the order.
Yet her gaze is drawn to Derek's crotch.
She can feel her mouth salivate as though her favorite dish were right before her.
Iris "If you pay... I'll play..."
It's not a line that one would expect from the noble general, but Iris is insistent on emphasizing that part of her story.
Iris (I don't want... to... but... if at least... he pays...)
Iris (No matter how much I hate it... how much I want to kill him... because I'm a whore...)
She continues like this in her head.
His hand is upon her once more, and the heat in her body flares up.
Derek "Hah, don't worry. I'll pay you."
Iris "Oh..."
He grabs her by the arm and pulls her in close to his body.
Derek "There's still time until Seraphina arrives."
Iris "Kch..."
Derek's face is close to hers.
Iris, tense, gasps loudly.
Her gaze turns to his crotch.
Iris (I've been with so many since then... but...)
She has yet to find another that compares to his when he deflowered her.
Iris (Then... there was no pleasure... only pain...)
Iris (But what about now?)
Derek "Heh, can you not wait? I see you staring."
Iris "I'm not looking at anything!"
Derek "Well then, let's get started. The longer we wait the sooner Sera will arrive."
Iris "Uhhh..."
Iris (This really disqualifies me from being with her again, doesn't it?)
Derek "Don't you let me down, okay?"
Iris "Hnn!"
Derek laughs provocatively.
Iris stares back into his eyes and...
Iris "It... It's different from then... Hnn! I'm watching... for your cock to stand at attention."
She looks as though she is preparing for a duel as her fighting spirit changes place with her libido.
#04_iri014h_iri08
Iris "Nghhhh, uh, ahhh, you're... spreading me open! Ahhh, hahhh! Khhh... It's hard to breathe!"
His cock stands erect, saluting the very heavens.
Her body is audibly split, and she screams out at the sensation, but she swallows down the pain with her pride.
Iris "Hnnng... hnnff... huh... hah... hnn! Naaah... hannggg... hnn!!"
His huge, rock-hard cock gouges into her cervix. She can feel it pushing her uterus up into her stomach.
She can feel the singing heat of Derek's cock up in her solar plexus, sending a cold chill up her spine.
But it soon becomes a hot surge, tingling strongly in her pussy.
Iris "Nahhhh, hahhh, hahhh... This is... Ugh, ngh, nahhh... hnnn, hahh, ahhhh...!"
She is overwhelmed thinking that the cock that stole her virginity is fucking her once more.
The bitch inside of Iris is begging for Derek even though she should be killing him for what he has done.
The intense heat, hardness, and size of Derek's dick have her body and mind shaking.
Iris (I can't! I can't! I can't! This feels so good! It feels too good!)
Iris (But how? I've been fucked by bigger like the monsters or the bicorn...)
Iris "Naah!? Hanngg... kfhh... kuhh... hnnf... kahhf... hnnff... hmmm... hnn!"
Suddenly, she feels a sweet, numbing pleasure in her lower back.
Derek has not moved.
The folds of her cunt are stretched to their limits. They clamp down hard on his dick all on their own. She unconsciously rocks her hips in time with his thrusts.
She tries to stop her hips from moving, but the feeling of the head of his cock in her pussy makes it impossible.
Iris (Ahhhh, no...! I want pleasure...! I want my cunt to be pounded by Derek's cock...!)
What was a shallow desire takes deeper roots. As time passes, her arousal becomes more extreme.
Iris mobilizes all her reason and puts a lid on her inferiority complex.
Derek "How long are you going to keep doing that? You're going to show me your skills, aren't you?"
Iris "Hahhff... hah! Hnn... naahh... nhyaaahhh! Hnkh... naahh... hahh..."
She looks at Derek with tears welling up in her eyes.
Her heart beats fast, and her pussy aches.
Derek "Quick now, show me what that whore ass of yours can do."
Iris "Huh... huuhh... hnnn! Ahh... As you wish... I'll show it all to you... Hnn!"
Iris (I... have no choice... I have to get him off. Hnn...)
Iris (Because I am a whore! This is a whore's cunt... Taking dick is my job!)
She can't hold back from being too obscene.
Iris's eyes glisten as she gazes at Derek.
Iris "Hahhf... huhnn... How... is that?"
She moves her hips up and down with twisting motions, making a pummeling and slapping sound against Derek's lower abdomen with her ass.
She tightens her hot, undulating folds of flesh and works hard on Derek's fat cock.
Iris "Hahh! Naaah... Look... haan... is this... alright?"
Derek "Not yet. You can do more."
Iris "Hah... Okay, don't have to tell me twice!!"
She ramps up her enthusiasm and grinds her entire body to better serve Derek, her tits bouncing in the air.
Iris "Hnnngg... naah... hah... nah... haahhff! Uhhh... naaaah!"
She lifts her hips as high as she can without his cock slipping out and slams them down over and over again.
She feels a sense of disconnect happening with her pussy.
She slams it down again hard, feeling the head of his cock hit her cervix. The pleasure turns into burning flames, erupting from her.
Iris (Ahh... Fuck, why does it feel so good?)
Iris (It's like my pussy is adapting more to his cock with each thrust...)
Iris (Why...? Ahh... Oh, fuck... My pussy wants to obey Derek... I hate it!)
She clings to his defined, muscular form and bucks her hips as the sounds of fucking bounce off the walls.
Derek "I see that you have improved your use of your hips. Your pussy looks like it was made just for me."
Iris "Uhhff!? Huh... hnhhaaa!!"
She moans as Derek praises her, and her pussy clamps down on Derek's cock.
Derek "It's almost unreal. Your pussy seems so blissful and hot. It's slopping all over my cock."
Iris "Ahhnn... N-No! Who the hell are you... Uhh!!"
Derek "I'm glad your tricks have gotten so polished, but I want you to tell me all the lines you've mastered."
Iris "Hhhhuh..."
For a moment, she has forgotten how to use her words too.
Her heart flutters with excitement.
Iris "Uhh... huh... uhh..."
The urge to say something burns strong inside her.
She uses the lines that pleased so many of her patrons before.
It's easy for her as she is just acting the part of a whore.
But...
Iris "Hnnngg..."
Trembling, she bites her lips and moans as her ability to deny it wanes before Derek.
If asked, she would answer honestly in this state.
Derek "What's the matter? Get a move on."
Iris "Please... Please stop... I can't... now... Hnnn!"
Just a slight twitch of his hips evokes a squeal.
Her pussy quivers as she feels the dick twitch within her.
Iris (I want to kill... him, but I want to obey... him. Is this a bitch's instinct?)
Iris (It is because he is such a strong... man... who has taken everything from me... That is why I want to kill him... but I want to be conquered by him and I want to surrender... to him...!)
Derek "What's the matter with you? Have you forgotten who your master is? Spit it out."
Bang!!")
Iris "Hwaaaahh!!"
Iris's patience finally reaches its limit at Derek's declaration and the pulsing of the cock in her body.
Iris "That's right... Derek... you are my master... Fuck me... Fuck me with your powerful cock!"
She looks like she might cry but is smiling, and she taunts him with her hips.
Derek "Hoh... So, I am what you want?"
Iris "Hah... I've wanted you... since you deflowered me. My pussy has always been... since that day... your prisoner... Hnnn!"
Iris "Naah... ahh... hhh! Oh, Derek! Your dick is huge! It turned my virgin cunt into that of a whore's! Hahhh, anghh, your cock----!"
She clings to his armor as she thrusts, and she jiggles her tits.
Her nipples make contact in time with the rhythm, kindling the flames of her libido.
Iris "I can't! Not anymore... I admit it! Derek, you are my master!"
Iris "Muah, nghhh, sckkkk, sckkkkkk... nahhh, hahhh, ahhh, make me cum! Make my cunt orgasm with your spunk!"
She is compelled to lock lips with her foe.
She takes his tongue into her mouth and sucks on it, drinking down his spit while begging earnestly for more.
Derek "You have no patience. It seems you need some harsher training."
Iris "Please train my pussy right! I'm begging you, Derek! Give me your cum! Punish my womb!"
Derek "Then this would not be training but a reward."
Iris "Heyaaah!? Hnng... ahhh!"
While laughing, Derek pushes up his hips from below her.
As her limbs flail at that moment, Derek grabs her hips with his huge hands.
With nowhere to escape to, he plows her cunt.
Iris "Naaah... ahh... heehh... I knew it... When you rape me... the heat... naah... hahh!"
Iris "That's it! Yes! Yes! Like that! Give me more, Derek! I want your cock inside me! Make me your bitch!"
Derek "If you want to surrender so much, I will grant this to you."
Iris "Hnngg!? Ahh... kahf... kyaahh... uhh... hnn!"
Iris "Hwaaahh... naah... huhhh! Cum in my pussy! Again! Please!"
She can feel her cervix being pried open and the heat of his cock burning her womb.
The flaring head of his cock rams into her cervix. She can feel its details inside her.
Iris "Hyeaaahnn! Hmmmmmn! Fuck my pussy deeply! Conquer me with your cock!"
She clings as each blow drills deeper into her, and her whole form shakes.
She can feel her womb rattling in her chest as he fucks her.
The torrid rhythm of the music is both terrifying and frighteningly pleasant.
Iris "Aahh... I'm cumming... already... Hnn! I want your cum! Put it in my pussy and make me cum!"
Derek "Why don't you tell me how you really feel?"
Iris "Derek! Uhh! Hahhnn! Cum for me! I want it in my cunt! Give me your seed! Cum for me and impregnate me! Heeehhnn... hah!"
Feverishly, she shouts her heart's desires.
She clings to him as her limbs lose their sense.
She feels each pulsation and twitch of his dick inside her.
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Gshhhhhh!")
Iris "Haaahhh! Hyaaahhh! Hnn!"
With a thud, she can feel the white magma erupt from the head of his cock.
She screams in climax as her cunt is drenched in his foul seed.
Iris "Hyaaahh... ahh... I'm cumming...! I'm cumming... I'm cumming!!"
Iris "Hooh... My womb... You're so deep in my cunt... Hnnn! I can feel your cum! I can feel you cumming!"
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhh! Gshhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hyeaaaahhhh! Cum! I can't stop cumming! My pussy! It's so hot! Your cum is burning hot! Don't stop!"
She envelops Derek with her limbs, wrapping her arms around his neck.
Her cunt and womb do all they can to absorb Derek into her being.
Iris "More... Give me more! I want your cum, Derek! Give it to me!"
Derek "Heh, you want my seed that bad?"
Iris "I want it! I yearn for it! I desire it! Inseminate my whore cunt! I want to have your baby, Derek!"
Tossed about by the waves of stormy climaxes, Iris begs her foe to give her a child.
Derek "You're one hell of a bitch... I can give you that!"
Iris "Hahh! Yes, I'm a bitch... I'm your bitch! So fuck me and pump me full of cum, 'cause I'm your bitch!"
Derek "Ahh... I'll savor every drop!"
Iris "Jhaaaaah!?"
He grabs her ass and pulls her so hard that she feels like her body will split.
The head of his cock is buried in her more than before.
Iris "Ahhhaaaaaaahhhhh!"
Her body trembles in Derek's arms as his cumshot goes all the way to her brain.
It is as though Iris and Derek have fused and become one. The sensation of that brings Iris the greatest climax.
Iris "Hahh... hyaahh... hahf... naahh... hah... hah... hnn... naah..."
After a seemingly endless, long, and intense climax, Iris breathes heavily on his shoulders, sweating all over.
She can feel the fluids bubbling out from where their bodies conjoin.
Her cunt is heavy and hot, filled with satisfaction.
Derek "You look far too satisfied. Next time, don't forget it is your job to satisfy me."
Iris "Hnnngg... hnn! Naahh... hah... kuhfh... hnn... I... I understand... Hnn!"
Surprising Iris, Derek's cock twitches inside her.
Not only does it not diminish, it actually grows harder, hotter, and hungry for more.
Iris (To have... such a heinous cock... hnn... in my pussy again...)
Iris feels like this situation is unbelievable.
Just the thought makes her pussy tighter on his cock.
Iris (What is going on? How could I... take pleasure in being a bitch and being dominated by such a man?)
Iris "Hahh, hnn... naah... This time... I'm going to squeeze every drop out of that cock, good and proper."
She says this as her submissive instincts take over and she starts to rock her hips.
However, the aftermath of her deep climax does not allow her body to properly relax.
Iris "Huhh... hnn... naahh... hahh... hnn... hahh... hahhh... Forgive me... I just need a little more... time..."
Derek "The hell is wrong with you? A whore cumming before her client?"
??? "Yes, that's unforgivable. You really need to get your act together, Iris."
Iris "Huh?"
There is no mistaking that gentle voice, filled with compassion.
But Iris's eyes widen in astonishment because she shouldn't be here.
Iris "S-Sera!? What? Why are you here? No! Oh, Goddess, no! Don't look at me this way!"
She never wanted Seraphina to see her this way.
How could she live after being seen with the cock of her enemy inside her?")
She comes to her senses and tries to get off of Derek.
But Derek's hand doesn't permit this.
Iris "No! Let me go! You fucking bastard! Why is Sera here?"
Seraphina "Heh, heh... You're the one who asked to be released while your cunt is still clinging to his cock?"
Iris "Huh?"
She doesn't believe her ears.
But Seraphina kneels on the side of the bed and oohs and aahs at the spot where Iris and Derek are connected.
Seraphina's cheeks are bright red, and she seems jealous.
Iris (That... can't be...!?)
Seraphina "Hah... faahh... hah... hahh... hnn..."
Seraphina is clearly in heat.
Iris (Uhh... No... this can't be real... Why... is Sera's face... like that... Hnn!)
Seraphina "Hnnff... Lord Derek's cum smells so... amazing... Oh, Iris, your pussy has such an obscene smell too!"
Iris (This can't be true! This can't be real!)
The brief feeling of happiness fades, and a great wave of despair washes over Iris's chest.
Iris "Derek, you bastard! What... did you do!?"
Sensing that something has happened to Seraphina, Iris slaps Derek with a burning rage.
She stares at Derek, and her body winces not with pleasure but with rage.
Iris "How dare you...!? What did you do to Sera!?"
Iris "Hyaaah!? Ah... hah... What did... you do to Sera...? Stop... Hnn!"
It is Seraphina, not Derek, who cuts off Iris's anger.
Seraphina scoops up the white fluid flowing from her cunt with her finger and smears it on Iris's anus.
Seraphina "Iris, I can't believe your mouth... How can you talk like that to your master!?"
Iris "Sera! What are you... hnnn!?"
Iris's anger is quickly dissipated by the careful and gentle fingering that widens her constricted hole and smears her every crease and crevice. Her sexual senses are aroused.
Iris "No, Goddess, no! Stop! I'm begging you! Don't do that! Hyaah!"
Seraphina "Heh, heh, you're saying that, but your ass is twitching like it wants a finger put inside it. Or do you want a thick cock shoved in there too?"
Iris "Nhyaaahh!"
Iris can feel the soft flesh of a finger pushing into her rectum.
The thought of such an adored finger in her ass sends shivers down her spine.
But Iris clenches her teeth and resists the pleasure.
Iris "Please don't... Sera... You're not that kind of person..."
Seraphina is the person Iris has adored most all her life. From their first word, she has been her best friend.
Now she smiles with a grin rooted in a lewd hell.
The fact that his smile has not lost its gentleness makes it all the more painful.
Iris "Please Sera... hnn... I'm begging you..."
Seraphina "Yes, I know, Iris. I'll make it more intense for you..."
Iris "Hnngg!? Hahh... hyaah! Your... finger... Ah, ahhh, no! Don't rub it!"
Seraphina "Heh, heh, I can feel the excitement of your ass clamping down on my fingers. It's a bit of a thrill even for me... nghh..."
Seraphina starts pumping her digits into Iris's rectum.
She hooks her finger to rub Derek's cock through the wall of Iris's colon.
She naturally licks Iris's ass as it sways before her.
Seraphina "Hahaha... lckkk, muah... lckkk, muah, lckkk... lckkk..."
From her ass to her waist and back, she savors Iris's flavor.
All the while moving her finger into Iris's asshole.
Even though Iris feels anal sex is disgusting, she can't resist how it gets her horny.
It just makes the sensation of Derek's cock in her cunt that much more vibrant.
Iris "Hyaaah! Ah... No... Aahh... hnng... ahh... Not... yet..."
Derek doesn't move. He just lets Seraphina move her finger in Iris's ass.
Nevertheless, Iris's sphincter bites down on Seraphina's finger, and her pussy tightens on the cock.
The image of Derek's cock and Seraphina's fingers in her holes is etched into Iris's mind.
Iris "Ahhhhh, ah, hahhh, hahh... No... I... I... Ah, ahhh, ahhhhh...!"
Seraphina "There isn't anything to be done, Iris. Come on, just let your holes feel good. Isn't it fine to have anal pleasure?"
This is some devilish temptation for Iris is doing her best to resist.
Iris "Ahhfnnn... nhaan... hannnh! Hahh... hnn... ahhnn... hahhnn!"
At long last, she starts to move her hips to take Seraphina's finger further into her anus and Derek's cock further into her pussy.
The wet, sloppy sounds of fucking echo off the walls, and both cum and juices spray onto Seraphina's face.
Seraphina "Ahnnn... You taste so good. Your flavor has mixed with Derek'ss... Lckkk, lckkk, muah, sckkkk..."
Iris "Hyaaahh!? Haaaahhh!!"
With her finger still in Iris's ass, Seraphina begins to lick at Derek and Iris's union.
She runs her tongue along Iris's folds as Derek's cock rubs against her.
Seraphina "Lckkkk, lckkkk... sckkkkk... lckkkk, lckkkk... lckkkk, lckkkkk..."
Iris "No! Hannh... hyaahh! Sera, your finger is in my ass... and you're licking my pussy... Hyaaah!"
Seraphina's beautiful fingers are piercing Iris's filthy asshole. She caresses and licks Iris's disgusting cunt.
Wincing at her best friend's caresses, Iris's arousal is uncontrollably heightened.
Iris "Oh, Goddess, Sera... I can't stop it... If you don't stop... I'm going to cum!!"
Seraphina "No, not quite. Derek is still waiting, isn't he? Until he's satisfied, you can't cum, Iris."
Iris "B-But... Hnn! Hyeaaahh!"
Seraphina's caresses become more intense.
Her hooked fingers knead Iris's colon.
Then she thrusts her finger deep inside and kneads her uterus with her fingertips through Iris's intestinal wall.
All the while, of course, Iris is still moving her hips while Seraphina is licking her slit.
Seraphina "Sllllrrrrrp, lckkk, muah... hahah, please do your best... Squeeze your cunt tighter..."
Iris "No, I can't! I can't last any longer!"
Seraphina "Sckkkk, muah, nghh... lckkkk, muah!!"
Iris "Hngyaaaahhh!!"
Seraphina sucks as hard as she can on Iris's vulva.
Iris screams out, slamming her hips down onto Derek.
Iris "Huaaahh! Ahh! I'm going to cum!!"
The pleasure spreads as if exploding out from her womb, and she rushes to climax without a moment's pause.
The lining of her cunt and ass tighten on that which penetrates her.
Iris "Khhh, aghhh, ughhhh! Ahhhh, I'm cumming! The cock fucking my cunt and the finger fucking my asshole are making me cum!!"
She clings to Derek as she screams and flails.
Iris "Naah... ahh... hyaahh... hahh... hnn... hahff... hahh..."
The second climax has robbed Iris's body of its strength.
Iris can only breathe heavily as Derek plays with her. She feels overwhelming embarrassment as she still feels Derek's cock and Seraphina's finger. It makes her happy.
Seraphina "Iris, I told you... you're not to cum alone..."
Iris "Forgive me... But... Hnngg..."
Iris whispers like a babe as Seraphina scolds her.
Seraphina's fingers gently caress Iris's anal lining.
Iris "Hnn... ahh... Sera... Huh... hnnnff..."
Seraphina "You can try again for me, right Iris?"
Iris "Khh... hnn... I'll do... my best..."
She manages to start moving her hips once more upon hearing that cherished voice.
But she is still overwhelmed with the afterglow of her orgasm and struggles to move her hips.
Iris "Hahh... hnn... Forgive me... Sera... If you just wait... a little more... Hah... hnn..."
Seraphina "I suppose we have no choice. I will help you. Iris, relax your ass for a moment."
Iris "Huh? Hnnkh! Hahhf... hah?"
She withdraws her fingers, moving them in a circular motion as she does so.
She gradually stretches Iris's anus open.
Seraphina "Iris, shall we?"
Iris "W-What?"
Seraphina smiles gently.
Shlllllllllllk!!")
Iris "Hnn... kahhf... hah!? Ahh... hnngg... gyaaahhh!"
Iris's eyes widen in shock, and she lets out a desperate scream.
Her asshole gapes with an audible split. As something dives deep inside her, Iris feels her body set aflame.
Iris turns her fearful gaze behind her. Her mouth is agape, seeking air.
Iris "Heaahhh!? Uhh... That... That... That's... Oh, Sera... Sera!"
Seraphina "Hahahahaha... Inside your ass... it's so hot... and slippery... Oh, it feels good. You're squeezing so tight on my arm that it hurts... Hnnff..."
Seraphina lets out a rapt smile.
Her arm is swallowed by Iris's anus, all the way down to the elbow, disappearing inside her.
Iris "Hah... ahh... hahh... hnn! Really? Your arm... is in my ass, Sera!?"
Seraphina "Yeah, of course. When I do this, you can tell, right?"
Mlchhhh! Shlllllp, shlllllp!!")
Iris "Hnnhyyaaaahhh! Hahh... hahhff... Uhh! So deep... hnnn!"
Seraphina advances her arm even deeper into Iris's bowels while her fingers roam along Iris's intestinal wall.
Iris feels like puking at the sensation of her internal organs being molested.
Her body trembles without stopping.
Despite all of this, her body burns with lust.
Seraphina "Hahahaha, you look alright. Now... let's take it up a notch. I need to do a little for Lord Derek too."
Iris "Sera... Sera! Sera! Ahh!"
Her head flails, but Seraphina only smiles at her with a face full of mercy.
In contrast to that kind face, she attacks Iris from within.
Seraphina "Now, we'll start for real!"
Iris "Hnnnggghhyaaahhh!! Hyaaahh... hnnngg... gyahhh!!"
Iris's vision goes blank, and she screams like crazy.
Seraphina's hand squeezes Iris's uterus tightly through her intestinal wall.
She kneads and squeezes it over and over.
Iris "Shkkkkk, hghhh, shkkkk! Nahhhhh, from my asshole, you're grabbing my uterus!!!"
Seraphina "A uterine massage feels good, doesn't it? You're loving it, aren't you Iris? And you love pleasuring your master, Lord Derek, don't you?"
Shlllllp, shlllllllp! Shllllllp!!")
Iris "Hyaaahhh!? Haaahh! Ahhh... nhyaahh... ooohh... oooohhhnnnn!"
As Iris gulps, Seraphina clutches onto her uterus harder.
Throughout all of this, Iris is still highly aware of Derek's cock in her pussy.
Seraphina grinds and twists her hand in Iris's digestive tract, causing her uterus to cover Derke's dick.
Iris "Hnnngguhh! Shhnn... In my womb!? Hah... I can feel his cock in my womb!"
Iris pulls at her own hair and screams as her body burns to the point she thinks she will explode.
Her womb tightens around Derek's cock.
Her sphincter is also strangling Seraphina's arm.
But Seraphina only smiles as she continues to grab Iris's uterus from within her, moving it up and down.
Iris "Nghhhhh, nahhhh, ahhhh! Ghhhh, hnghhhh! Nghhh, ghhhhh!!"
Shlllllp, shlllllp, shlllllp!!")
Iris "Hyangh, hghhhhh! S-Sera, your hand... is so deep inside of my ass!!"
Iris "Ohhhh, you're jerking off his cock with my uterus! My uterus is getting fucked with dick!"
Seraphina jerks Derek's cock while her hand is grabbed onto Iris's uterus through Iris's anus.
Iris cries out from the pleasure that she never experiences in normal sex.
Iris "Hyaahh... Fuck my ass until I cum! Fuck it! Make my whole body cum! Make my pussy cum!"
Iris "Hyaaaaaahhhhh! Hahhhhh!!"
Seraphina grips her womb tightly, and Iris screams even louder from her more powerful orgasm.
Iris "Hnn... khh! Naaahh... hnngg... hah! Hyaahhnn... hnnnh... hahh!"
Seraphina "Iris? Even though you must make Lord Derek cum, you aren't cumming alone once again are you...?"
Seraphina is also thrilled by the act of torturing her best friend's uterus, literally groping her way to her core.
She smiles firmly as Iris's breathing roughens.
When her legs move from time to time, one can hear her pussy's juices.
Iris turns her tear-filled eyes to Seraphina.
Iris "Sera... you're squeezing... my uterus! I can't endure such a thing... I'm definitely going to cum...!"
Seraphina "No, you must hold on. Okay? Focus on the cock inside your cunt and womb...!"
Iris "Nhyaaaahhh!?"
Seraphina gently but mercilessly gives her that order before beginning to jerk Derek's cock off with more vigor through Iris's organs.
Gushing and bubbling sounds echo from Iris's stomach.
Iris "Ahhhhhhh, stop!? I can't handle this! I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum again! My w-womb----!"
Iris "Hnnggyaahhh! Kyaaahh! I'm cumming! Hnnnn!!"
Her womb has descended halfway down his shaft.
Iris arches her entire body and screams about her orgasm as his cock penetrates her entire womb.
A white fluid drips from her slit and anal juices from her ass.
Still, Iris's climax is not over yet, and Seraphina's wombjob is not over yet either.
Iris "Hwaaahh... hmmmf... Oh, Sera... forgive me... What's become of me... I've gone too far... I'm cumming to death..."
Seraphina "Heh, Iris... you should beg your master, Lord Derek, not me."
Iris "Ahhh, hyahhh, hahhh... Lord Derek! I can't take it any longer! Cum! Please ejaculate soon!"
Tears and mucus cover her face as she begs Derek.
All the while her pussy tightens on Derek's cock.
Iris "Nahhhhh, hahhhh, ahhhh, Lord Derk, please cum! Hahhh, hahh, quickly... cum!"
Derek "If that's what you want, pleasure me more."
Iris "Hayyaaahhh... hahh... Oh, Sera... keep giving him a wombjob...!"
Seraphina "Heh, you've got this, right?"
Iris "Y-Yeah... I am your slave... your whore... holes and all. I must please him with my cunt."
Iris "I'll try... to hold back... hnn... as long as I can..."
Seraphina "Yes, I understand... Hahaha..."
Shllllp, shllllk, shllllk! Shllllk!")
Iris "Gahh! Uhhh... hahhh!!"
In response to Iris's complaint, Seraphina makes a merciless move, violently pushing her arm in and out of Iris's anus.
Iris "Gahh... hnmmmmff... huoooahhh! Ooh, it's so good... Hnn! Shove your arm all the way up in my ass!"
Iris's hips naturally bounce as well, contracting her cunt hard and trying to coax the cum out of Derek's dick.
The eerie muffled sound of a dick being jerked off through her womb rings out from deep within her pelvis.
Iris "Naahh... hyaahh... ahh... Oh, Lord Derek... My master... Give it to me already... I... hah... want it! I want your cock! Cum for me!"
Derek "You want me to cum so bad? You want me to make you cum again by shooting my seed into you?"
Iris "Hyaah... Yes... I want it! I want all of your seed, Master... Shoot all of your cum... oooh... inside me!"
Iris "Master, make your slave's cunt cum with your cock! Cum directly into my womb! Please!"
With a depraved expression, she desperately appeals to Derek.
He nods seemingly satisfied.
Derek "Alright, Sera, finish this."
Seraphina "Yes, my master... Hnn... hnnn! Hnnnfff... hnn!"
Shlllllk, shlllllk, shlllllk! Shlllllk!")
Iris "Hnnnffhh! Maah... heeehh! Naaah... hnnnkh... I'm... hnn... close... I'm already cumming!!"
Iris "Hnngg... heehhnngg... hmmmm... guuuaaaahhh!!"
Seraphina jerks his cock with so much power that it might ignite from the friction.
Her grip almost crushes Iris's uterus as she jerks off the cock.
In sensory overload, Iris loses her senses for a moment.
Spllllllrrrrrrt, gshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hoooahh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!!"
Iris's uterus completely covers Derek's dick, and hot white fluid shoots out from the head of his cock.
Iris howls in pleasure as she feels his spunk shoot up into her. Her neck bends backward, and her limbs spasm.
Iris "I'm cumming! Hnnng... I'm cumming! My pussy... Hnnnn!!"
Seraphina "Ahh! I... see... our master's cock... is pumping you full... of his seed..."
Iris "Hooohhh! Hmmmm... hyaaaahh!!"
Seraphina continues to fist her anus.
She crushes her uterus as the cock sloshes inside it.
Iris "Gyaaaahh! Hnngyaaahh! Hnnngg! Sera! Oh, Sera! Oh, Goddess, no!"
Iris "Cum in me! Oh, fuck, cum inside me! I'm cumming to death!"
Seraphina "You must persevere, Iris. You must get every drop out of Derek's cock."
Iris "Hyaaaaahhh!!"
Seraphina continues to roughly work his cock through Iris's womb.
Instantly, his dick swells even more and spurts out thick white lumps.
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Gshhhhhhh!")
Iris "Nhaaahoooohhhaahhhh!!"
Her womb is gripped impossibly tight while it is pumped full of jizz.
Iris screams as she takes the load, white-eyed and foaming at the mouth.
Then...
Shlllllllllllllllk!!!")
Iris "Kuhhf... ahh!? Naahh... hahh... ahhh... hnnkh... khh... hahh..."
Having finished, Seraphina withdraws her arm from Iris's anus in one motion.
Iris gasps at the stimulation, her body trembles greatly.
With the arm withdrawn, all that remains is her cherry-red gaping hole.
Iris can finally calm herself from the maddening pleasure, but her face is still distorted.
Seraphina "Hah... hnnmmmff... Delicious... The nectar from your asshole... Lckkkkkk..."
Seraphina cleans her hands with her mouth, savoring all the fluids from Iris's digestive tract.
Leaning against Derek and breathing on his shoulder, Iris slowly turns to Seraphina.
Iris "Hahh... hahfh... hnn... ahh... hnn... Oh, Sera... Sera... Sera... Ahh..."
Seraphina "Don't worry, Iris... We will be together... always..."
Iris "Ahh... hahaha... Oh, Sera..."
Iris is relieved like a lost child finally being reunited with their mother.
The beautiful and noble knight of the Holy Kingdom has fallen into an infinite abyss of sensuality along with the one she once protected, her best friend.
............
......
...
#04_iri015
Derek "Hmm... Another successful month."
Derek gives a small laugh at the increased numbers in the report.
The brothel that manages Derek's own prostitutes had the highest sales in the capital again this month.
The money, of course, goes into Derek's pocket to fund his various activities.
Derek "If one finds their true calling they must pursue it."
The red light district of the royal capital.
Cheap brothels and bars line the streets, and the streets are filled with prostitutes, touts, and patrons who have come to vent their lust.
At the far end of the area, there is an area that is distinct from the rest of the district.
It's a section of the city lined with high-class brothels.
Here, it takes a month's worth of earnings for the average citizen to buy the cheapest prostitute.
It could be several dozen times more for the expensive whores.
Naturally, only generals and bureaucrats visit, but some patrons are prepared to put their lives on the line for just the chance.
Here you will find all kinds of beautiful women from all over the continent, aristocrats, royalty, and all sorts of other beautiful women.
If you live a normal life, it is difficult to even see the face of a woman like that, but you can have her as long as you have enough money.
Man A "Okay, you guys sure you want to do this?"
Man B "Oh, totally."
Man C "Of course. I've worked so hard for this!"
There is also a group of young patrons here dreaming of such a rare woman.
They came here all the way from the Holy Kingdom only for this purpose.
They'd sell all their belongings and kill their mothers just for this.
All for the kind of cunt they'd never know otherwise.
Man A "Okay, let's go!"
They step into the most opulent brothel, looking as if they are about to fight a decisive battle.
#04_iri016h_iri09
Iris "Anghhh, hahhh, anghhhhh! Ahhhh, incredible! This cock feels good!"
Seraphina "Nahhh... It's so thick! This rock-hard cock is incredibly thick! It's reaching so deep inside of me!"
Penetrated from in front and behind, Iris and Seraphina cry out in unison.
They are on all fours on the bed, dressed like dancing whores.
Their tits are bare and their nipples erect.
But their bellies stand out more than anything.
Their once firm abdomens now protrude greatly.
So far along and they are still meeting patrons.
Man A "Ahh... I don't believe it! Lady... Lady Iris is with me!"
He starts thrusting his hips right away after putting his cock inside Iris.
He had once been a knight under her orders.
Iris "Ahhhh, nghhhh... hahaha... this is certainly reality... hnn! Ahhhh, ah, ahhh, how's... my cunt... nghhhh!"
Man A "Hyaaahh! Hehh... heeeahh!?"
Iris smiles glamorously and puts a lot of pressure on her lower abdomen.
She pounds her pussy on his cock, driving it in all the way to the base with each thrust.
Iris "Hahahah, you already seem like you're going to cum, nghh... your hips are trembling...! Ahhhh, your cock is cute... ngh, ah, aghhh, khnghhhhh...!"
Man A "Whoa, ahh, Lady Iris!!"
Iris's cunt clamps down on the cock of her former subordinate as she thrusts her hips backward.
At the same time, she jerks another cock in her hand.
Iris "Let me taste this cock too. Hnnn, ahhhh, kfffff... hnnn..."
Man C "Haahh... Lady Iris's hands----!"
Seraphina "Hahahaha, oh, Iris... you must take your time with someone from the Holy Kingdom."
Iris "Hahahah, oh, Sera... hahhn..."
They look at each other and laugh.
And so Seraphina, like Iris, fucks the human in her cunt.
Seraphina "Ahhhhh, nghhh... this cock is really thick, ah, ahhhh...! Rubbing myself with your rock-hard cock feels incredibly good... hnn!"
Man B "Augh, khh... Incredible! T-The legendary high elf... is fucking her country's guardians..."
Seraphina "Anghhh, nahhhh, hanghhhh...! Ahhhhh, please enjoy me to your heart's content...! Nghhh, ahhh, you too... hnn..."
Like Iris, Seraphina shakes her ass while pleasuring another patron with one hand.
She has only started to jerk it, but it is already dribbling precum.
Seraphina "Hnn... What's the matter? Have you not always been safe in my hands? They must make your cock feel good, right?"
Man D "It... feels too good. Just... wait! If you do that... Hnn!"
Seraphina's hand wraps around the head of the patron's cock, jerking it in a swift, polishing motion with a mere twist of her wrist.
He shudders and trembles due to her adept movements.
Iris "Hahah, I can't lose, nghh, to Sera... Ngh, hahh... Enjoy my cunt more! Thrust into my whore cunt!"
Man A "Hnnnngggh!"
As if competing with Sera, Iris also shakes her hips boldly.
While panting vigorously, she slaps her own ass, making guttural and obscene noises fill the room.
Iris "Hahh... Yes... that's right... just that deep... Nahhh, ahhh! Deeper! Fuck me deeper!"
Man A "Oh... Lady Iris... Hnn!"
Seraphina "Hahhh, me too... Ngh, please give me more...! My high elf cunt loves human dick... hnnn! So----!"
Man B "Lady Seraphina! Gahh!!"
Seraphina "Naah! Naahh... ahh... I can feel it coming! I can feel your cock so deep inside my womb!"
Iris "Nahhhh, anghhh, ahhhh, hanghhhh! Good! Fuck me faster!"
The collective energy of all the cock-bearers raises the shared level of arousal.
In an attempt to satisfy his lust for conquest, he slams his hips furiously against their two asses, making the bed squeak.
Iris "Naah... ahh... hyeaah! Oh, fuck... this cock... is fucking great! Ahh... More... Fuck my cunt harder with your huge cock!"
Man A "Ahh... Lady Iris! Ahh!"
Iris "Nhyaaahh! Nhaaahh!!"
The man's face is red with pleasure, but he slams his dick in hard as Iris demands.
The man receiving a handjob also voluntarily shakes his hips and presses the head of his cock, covered with precum, against Iris's cheek.
Seraphina "Hanghhhhh! Me too! Stick it even deeper into me! Ahhhhh, please fuck me deeply with your cock! There's a child inside of my womb! Plow it with your cock!"
Man B "Hooh... Of course! I'll pump your cunt full o' it!"
He feels like he is conquering Seraphina, but in reality, everything is under her control.
Without noticing that, he pounds her with enough force to wreck her gorgeous elf body.
Seraphina "Nahhhhh, it's incredible! Your cock is slamming into my uterus, ah, ah, ahhhh! I feel so good I think I'm going to break!"
While panting like that, Seraphina does not neglect her service to the patron next to her.
She kisses the head of his cock while working his rod.
Seraphina "Sckkkk, muah, lckkk, nahhh, hnghhh! Ahhh, it's delicious... This cock is too delicious! I'm----! I'm already----!"
Iris "Ahhhh, anghhhhh! Me too! I can't wait for your cum to fill my womb!"
Man A "Kyaahh!? It's getting so much tighter...!"
Iris squeezes his dick with her cunt and makes her hips move faster.
The patron's dick is sucked in by her hot, undulating folds of flesh and pleasured in her narrowing birth canal. His cock begins to tremble as if it is reaching its limits.
Iris "Naaahh... Cum for me! Cum! I want it inside me! Spray it all over my unborn baby!"
Seraphina "Ahhfn... hnnn... hah! You too... Fuck my elf pussy with that human cock of yours! Pump it full of your cum!"
Man B "Hooohh! Oh! I can't believe you just said it like that...!"
Man A "Ahh... I'm close... Oh, fuck, I'm gonna... Hnn!"
Not just the ones in their cunts but the ones getting jerked off as well proclaim how close they are to the point of no return.
Iris and Seraphina exchange knowing glances and smiles.
Seraphina "Yes, c-cum! Spray my womb and face with it! Please make my cunt and face pure white with your spunk!"
Iris "Spray me with your cock juice! Come on, hose me down with your splooge!"
At the same time as the girls scream, they both squeeze their holes and jerk the cocks off harder.
The four dicks explode with cum.
Splllllrrrrrrrt, gshhhh! Bshhhhhh, bshhhhh, bshhhhh! Gshhhh...!!")
Iris "Hyaahhn! My cunt is going to cum on your fat cock!"
Seraphina "I'm cumming too! Conquer this elf cunt with your spunk! Hahhhhhhhh!"
The men's exploding carnal desires push both Iris and Seraphina to orgasm.
The figure of the two bathed in spunk has a mysterious beauty to it.
Staring at them, their cocks explode, shooting off ribbons of cum.
Spllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Ahh... They won't stop cumming! Ahh... Amazing! My pussy is so full! This is splendid! Huuuh!"
Seraphina "Kahhhhh, ahhh, ahhhhh! Good, ahhh, spray me your jizz! This is such a fetish for me!"
The two patrons in their cunts have faces of blissful agony as they shoot their shots inside their pink holes.
Their bodies are stained with cum both inside and out, and they both bite down in blissful climaxes.
Iris "Hahhn... ahh... hahh... ahh..."
Seraphina "Haffhh... ahhff... hahh... hnn..."
They receive the cum from the men and enjoy a short-lived afterglow.
They catch their breath and each thanks their patrons with a glamorous smile.
Iris "Thank you... for so much cum... pumped into my whore cunt... I'm so delighted."
Seraphina "Hahh... It feels so good... You came so much... in my elf pussy... and also all over my half-elf daughter-to-be..."
Slack-jawed, the men suck down their spit in awe, somehow nodding.
Looking up at these patrons with a gentle smile, Seraphina and Iris gently exchange glances and whisper to each other.
Seraphina "Hahahaha... I got so much cum today... Nghhh, hahhh..."
Iris "Oh, there's so much. I'm sure my unborn daughter is delighted... Hahahah..."
Iris pulls herself closer to Seraphina's belly.
Seraphina also pushes her big belly toward Iris.
The two pregnant women's bellies lightly bump into each other.
Iris "Our daughters... will be like us, right? Best friends?"
Seraphina "Of course... that's destiny."
Seraphina lays her hand on the bed on top of Iris's and gently squeezes it.
Iris squeezes her hand back.
They grow closer and stare into each other's eyes.
Iris "Muah... ngh, hahh, ahhh... Sera... muah..."
Seraphina "Ngh... hahh... sckkkk, muah, nghhh... hahhh, ahhh, Iris..."
As soon as they lay their lips upon one another, they stick out their tongues.
They whisper their names over wet kisses.
Iris "Ahhhh... Sera, muah, nghhhh... We will be together forever... Muah, ngh, sckkk..."
Seraphina "Yes, Iris... together forever... Muah, sckkkk, ngh, muah, sckkkk... hnn..."
They put their lips on top of each other's and continue to wrap their tongues around one another.
Watching the obscene sight causes the men that just came to shudder.
Iris "Sckkkk... hahhh... well, shall we start round two soon...?"
Seraphina "Yes, we have so much more nectar to collect..."
Iris "Hahahahahaha..."
They kiss to rekindle their desires and when ready approach their patrons once more.
Iris Arcadia.
She is now spending her time with her best friend, Seraphina, an ancient high elf, as a top-class prostitute in the Service Nation.
There is no end to the number of patrons who want Iris, and she is also happy to play the role of a whore with them.
#04_koh001
Kohaku.
The beautiful chief of the beastmen, known as the foxfolk.
It's said the foxfolk crossed from the east a few hundred years ago and settled these lands.
Their customs have retained their eastern roots, and their unique attire and culture have been passed down for generations to this day.
Only the foxfolk wear garments called kimonos in the West.
The foxfolk have such a unique culture, but they also have other unique traits particular to their people.
That is their mating customs.
Many beastmen have mating seasons when they go into heat during certain periods in order to propagate the species.
However, the foxfolk do not go into heat during any particular season. It depends on the length of time that is spent with them.
When male and female foxfolk members spend their lives together, they go into heat no matter what season it is.
In order to avoid this, only women and children live in the foxfolk villages, and the men wander the land in small groups.
There is a rule that boys leave the village when they reach a certain age.
Kohaku's younger brother Meno departed their village in this way, and he was unfortunately captured by slavers and presented to Ladomira.
To save her brother, Kohaku made a deal with Ladomira and ended up working as a spy.
It goes without saying that it was one of the reasons for the collapse of the Holy Alliance.
You could say this level of compassion is a trait of the foxfolk.
Not only do they care about their family, but they also have a strong connection to their fellow foxfolk.
The strongest of all is the level of passion they have for their romantic partner. It is said they will follow the person they fall for to the ends of the universe.
Kohaku is no exception. Although she gives off a bewitchingly listless allure, behind it there is a hidden passion.
And so the foxfolk with their unique customs and traits live in isolated villages and rarely make an appearance in front of humans.
So men would be very pleased to hold Kohaku, the chief of the foxfolk, as a whore.
Derek "Kohaku? If memory serves, she's attached to her younger brother."
Derek recalls his invasion of the village.
Simply referring to Meno was enough to distress Kohaku to the point of surrender.
That is how strongly Kohaku feels for Meno.
Derek "Then we will have brother and sister work for the Service Nation."
A sinister grin comes across Derek's face as he leaves the guardroom.
Kohaku "What do you want with me now?"
Kohaku listlessly looks at Derek as he visits the room she's being held in.
Her surrender to Derek still weighs heavily on her.
She is always wondering whether she should have continued to fight to the end.
Of course, she had no choice in order to save Meno.
But now she doesn't even know if he's safe.
The days are dark for Kohaku.
A soldier receives a signal from Derek and hands Kohaku a bag of some sort.
Kohaku "What is this?"
She sighs as she checks the contents of the bag to find a balled-up piece of fabric.
A strong male scent emanates from the fabric, and she scowls slightly.
Derek "You want to see your brother, don't you? Then remember that smell."
Kohaku "What are you up to?"
Her cool and calm demeanor begins to crack.
She is reminded of the tactics the man before her used when he attacked her village.
She naturally finds herself on edge due to his danger and severity.
Derek "Look, I'm not going to hurt you. If you don't want to see your brother, you can give that back."
Kohaku "If I remember this smell... you'll let me see Meno?"
Derek "If you get it right."
Derek laughs teasingly.
Kohaku grows warier at his laugh and shifts her body weight so that she can jump back at any moment.
Derek continues to explain with a smile.
Derek "It's just a bit of entertainment. I'm sure you're tired of being held here. So, I'll be bringing five men here. Try to pick out your brother from the smell."
He wants her to do a smell test. It goes without saying what he wants her to smell from the fabric in the bag.
Kohaku remarks with contempt.
Kohaku "You are vulgar."
Derek "You can always say no if you feel that way."
Kohaku "I didn't say I wouldn't do it..."
It's incredibly irritating to play right into his hand.
But the thought of seeing Meno is all the reason she needs.
Kohaku checks the contents of the bag once again.
It's clear from the smell that this fabric is Meno's loincloth.
Kohaku "Ngh..."
Smelling her brother's loincloth. Just imagining it is vulgar enough.
And now she's going to do that in front of this man she hates. There is no greater humiliation.
Derek "Now, let's start."
Kohaku "Very well."
Trembling from the shame and anger, she bends the knee as Derek instructed.
#04_koh002h_koh02
Kohaku "Ngh! Mfff! Fuh, mm... snff... hmm... mfuh..."
Derek "That's right. Don't just memorize the smell but its taste as well."
She takes her brother's loincloth from the bag and holds it in her mouth.
A smell similar to chestnut flowers enters her nasal cavity through her mouth.
A chill runs down her back at the thick male musk because she's holding the cloth that would cover his nether region in her mouth.
Kohaku (Ah... So this is Meno's... Ah... So thick... I'm getting dizzy...)
The memory of Derek raping her and covering her in her brother's cum flashes back.
She can feel the cum dripping down her forehead and cheeks.
Kohaku (Ah... And Meno's so grown up now... Mmm, snff... hah... No, this is... Mm...)
Even though it's her brother's, the thick male musk is stimulating her to the core as a female foxfolk.
She subconsciously bites down on the loincloth in her mouth and breathes in the scent deep to the back of her nose.
The bottoms of her feet get warm.
Soldier A "Hey, you sure you'll be able to tell by holding it in your mouth so properly? Shouldn't you check the taste as well?"
Kohaku "Ngh... mm, mm... muah... kff... ngh... hah, fuh... zlchh..."
Although she gave the soldier who was teasing her an annoyed glance, she follows his instructions and tastes the loincloth.
As she loudly slurps the cloth, the youthful taste of cum spreads inside her mouth.
Kohaku (Ah... What am I...? Ngh... mm... It's my own brother's... ah, but...)
Kohaku "Ngh, mm, mmm... slrrp!"
Her sense of restraint in the vulgar situation is still working.
However, if it means reuniting with her brother and confirming his safety, she is willing to do anything.
She runs her tongue across it, committing the flavor of his cum to her memory as it mixes with her saliva.
When the taste is gone, she changes the position of the cloth and resumes slurping.
Kohaku (This is... Ah, no, just to be sure...)
Kohaku "Mm, zhull, muah... ngh... mfuh..."
The stronger she slurps, she feels a different level of saltiness in the cum.
Even though she knows what it is, she can't believe that she is continuing to slurp it. However, the more she slurps, the more intoxicated she becomes.
Kohaku (Why...? It's as if I'm in heat...)
Derek "You seem to be enjoying slurping your brother's loincloth. I think you've memorized its taste and smell by now."
Her cheeks become flush at Derek's ridicule.
The soldier rips the loincloth from Kohaku's mouth.
Kohaku "Hah... hah... hah... mm, hah..."
The thick strand of drool connecting the loincloth to Kohaku's mouth is severed.
It is only a short amount of time that she has had the loincloth in her mouth.
However, Kohaku's chest is pounding as if she's been exercising intensely, and her body is damp with sweat.
Kohaku "So, what do I do next?"
Derek "I said you would have to guess from just the smell, remember?"
Kohaku "Ngh... mm, ah... hah, hah, hah..."
The soldier moves behind Kohaku and blindfolds her.
Kohaku swallows her saliva and shivers as darkness overcomes her.
Derek "Looks like we're ready. Bring them in."
Kohaku "......"
Her ears perk at the sound of the door opening.
Nobody says anything, but she can tell that they've entered. One, two, three... five people.
She's unable to determine which is Meno from the footsteps.
Kohaku (But one of them is Meno... I promise to guess right, Meno!)
Kohaku takes a deep breath, silently calling out to Meno.
Derek "First one, step forward."
Kohaku "Ngh! Mm... This is..."
A dick is stuck right in front of her. Close enough for her to feel the heat.
Her nostrils are bombarded with a sour, unpleasant scent that causes her to salivate.
It is similar to Meno's smell from the loincloth but different.
Kohaku "Snff... ngh..."
Soldier A "Hey, come on. That's your brother's dick. Look happier or you'll make your brother cry."
Soldier B "No, don't worry. That's someone else's dick."
The soldiers around her heckle her.
Kohaku shakes her head in irritation and focuses her attention on the tip of her nose.
Kohaku (It lacks an air of youthfulness. Yes, it does have that male musk, but...)
There is a stench that she didn't get from the loincloth earlier.
She thinks it's someone else, but it's hard for her to be sure at the moment.
Kohaku (What I smelled was his loincloth, but now I'm smelling their genitals directly. Is it reasonable to assume the smell would be stronger?)
Kohaku (If that's the case, then this smell feels similar to Meno's.)
Kohaku (I have to get closer and smell some more.)
She brings her face forward to get a better whiff.
Then at that moment...
Kohaku "Eeek!?"
The tip of her nose unexpectedly touches the penis, and she lets out a shriek.
The warm, damp sensation of the male cock.
She feels a rotting smell at the back of her nose, and her whole skin becomes raised with goosebumps.
Soldier A "Hahaha, look at her freaking out at the dick."
Soldier B "It's okay. The dick won't bite you. Gahahahahaha!"
Kohaku "Ngh..."
She grits her teeth as the soldiers mock her.
Derek "Okay, that should be enough for the first one."
Kohaku "Fuh..."
Kohaku lets out a sigh of relief to alleviate her nervousness when she feels the smell and heat distancing from her face.
She contemplates whether that smell could be Meno's, but it's difficult for her to come to any conclusion.
Soldier A "Hey, how was it? You think that was your brother's dick?"
Soldier B "You're his sister, can't you tell right away?"
Kohaku (They are being so annoying.)
The soldiers successfully get on her nerves.
She steadies her breathing to calm herself and raises her head for the next penis.
Kohaku "Hmm?! Ngh... kaff... mm... pah!"
The instant the next dick is brought near her, she scowls and chokes.
This penis smells even worse than the last.
She is nauseated by what can only be described as the stench of rot.
Kohaku (No, this is definitely not it. There is no way Meno's would smell like this!)
She is filled with conviction as anger begins to bubble up inside her.
She shakes her head to signal she's done with this one.
Derek "Fine. Next."
Derek orders as he lets out a soft chuckle.
Kohaku "Hmm? Snff... snff, snff... mm? Fuh..."
She feels the third man's dick in front of her nose.
This one's smell isn't as harsh.
No matter how hard she sniffs, all she can pick up is a faint smell of sweat and body odor. The male musk is very weak.
Kohaku (Is this not it...? I smelled something thicker and a youthful male musk from Meno's loincloth.)
Kohaku (No, but if he hasn't ejaculated, perhaps it normally smells like this?)
An image of Meno forms inside her mind.
She imagines him taking off his loincloth and presenting a young, hard cock.
Kohaku (Khh...?! W-What am I even imagining!? N-No, there's no ulterior motive. This is all to reunite with Meno.)
She makes excuses to herself as her cheeks become flush.
Derek "Looks like that's enough. Next."
Kohaku "Hm? Snff... snff, snff..."
The fourth penis also doesn't smell that strongly.
However, there is a bit stronger male musk to this one than the one before.
Kohaku "Mm, fuh... fuh... hmmm... mm..."
It's completely different from the foul smell of the second one.
On the brink of being unpleasant, the musk is almost alluring.
Kohaku (Could this be Meno? I feel like it's closer to the smell I sensed on the loincloth than the first one.)
Kohaku "Snff... snff, snff... mm... snff, snff..."
Soldier A "Whoa, she's really smelling this one."
Soldier B "You like that dick that much?"
The soldiers clap as they laugh.
She forces them out of her mind and focuses on the penis in front of her nose.
Kohaku "Snff... mm, fuh... snff, snff..."
She tries tilting her head and changing the angle before smelling it again.
However, she isn't able to confirm if this is Meno's penis or not.
Derek "Okay, that's enough. The next is the last."
The fourth penis is taken away and the last penis is presented.
Kohaku "Ngh!?"
She lets out a noise when the fifth dick is brought near her.
It's a strong, youthful male musk that is different from all the ones before.
There's a mixture of sweat and cum that's almost been steamed together.
It is not altogether unpleasant. Actually, she wants to smell it even more.
Kohaku "Snff... snff... hah... snff, snff..."
Kohaku (Hm... This one also feels like it could be Meno's. Let me just smell it a little more...)
She brings her face forward to confirm what she's smelling.
Her nose is practically touching the dick as she continues sniffing.
Kohaku (I mean, it does smell bad... There's a strong fermented smell. But why is it causing my heart to stir?)
Kohaku (Is this Meno? Am I reacting like this because it's a foxfolk male? Even though it's my brother?)
She pulls her head back as she comes back to her senses.
It's as if she's just realizing the thing before her is a penis.
Kohaku (What am I doing? Even if I wanted to keep smelling this forever, it could be Meno.)
Putting aside whether or not this was Meno's dick, she has at least learned how comforting this smell is to her.
For now, she feels like the fifth dick is Meno's, but she's almost just as afraid to be right.
Kohaku (But if I don't get it right, I won't be able to reunite with Meno. She has to put aside her wicked thoughts and decide.)
Derek "That should be enough. Step back."
Kohaku "Hahh..."
The fifth man's dick pulls back and the smell grows distant.
She feels her tense body relax and lets out a sigh.
Derek "Did you figure out which one is your brother's?"
Kohaku "That's..."
She feels that it's the fifth one, but she's still not sure.
The thought of giving the wrong answer causes her to hesitate.
Soldier A "You don't know? It's your own brother, isn't it?"
Soldier C "It's love. Make your decision with love."
The soldiers around her cackle as they wait for Kohaku's answer.
Kohaku remains silent, furrowing her eyebrows under the blindfold as she searches diligently for an answer.
Derek "It looks like you don't know."
Kohaku "W-Wait, give me a little more time to think."
Derek "Then let me change the question. Which ones don't you think are his?"
Kohaku "The second... and third aren't his."
She answers Derek's question as she recalls the dicks she's smelled so far.
The powerful and foul stench of the second one and the much too faint third one, she's sure those are not Meno's.
Kohaku "Am I right?"
Derek "You'll have to wait and find out."
She mustered up the courage to ask him, but Derek response comes with a laugh.
Derek "So, by process of elimination, you think either the first, fourth, or fifth are your brother's. You'll get to choose from these three, but now you'll rely on taste."
Kohaku "Ngh... mm... kaff..."
As Derek finishes, a dick is presented in front of her nose again.
From the thickness of the musk, she thinks it's the first one.
Kohaku (This one isn't altogether unpleasant either, but getting another smell, I think it might not be his.)
Soldier A "Hey, put it in your mouth already. You're going to taste it this time."
The soldiers heckle her as she's checking the smell again.
Kohaku tightens her fist and her whole body shudders.
Kohaku (I can't believe I have to lick these cocks even though one of them could be Meno's.)
Kohaku (But there's no other way... I've come this far, I have to see it through.)
When she makes up her mind, she parts her lips and sticks out her tongue.
Kohaku "Mm, fuh... lckkkk..."
Kohaku's tongue licks the tip of the dick.
She didn't judge the distance very well, so she pushed her tongue onto it pretty hard.
There's a bitter taste on her tongue that causes her brow to furrow.
Meanwhile, the penis twitches and bounces up as if running away from Kohaku's tongue.
She can hear the soldiers laughing about it.
Kohaku "Mm, lckk... lckk, lckk, lckk..."
She ignores their reactions and continues to move her tongue.
She has to focus on the taste on her tongue.
How does it compare to the taste of Meno's loincloth?")
Kohaku (There's a strong male musk... I can taste it... Is that precum? Hm, this flavor...)
Kohaku "Lck, muah... ngh, lckk, lckkk, lckkk... muah, ngh, muah... lckkk..."
There are some inconveniences being blind, but Kohaku continues to carefully lick the penis.
Doing so gives her a picture of its shape as well.
Kohaku (The shape is thin... Is that some foreskin? I feel like when he showed me Meno's cock, it was something like this.)
She relies on the memory of her humiliating loss to Derek to check if this penis belongs to Meno.
Derek "You don't seem convinced yet. Then try putting it in your mouth."
Kohaku "P-Put this in my mouth?"
Her heart skips a beat at Derek's unexpected suggestion.
If this really is Meno, this would be crossing the line.
But she's already licked it, how much worse can it get?")
Kohaku (What's irritating is that everything is going as this man planned.)
She comforts herself by saying she knew this from the start. It's all so she can be reunited with Meno.
She nervously opens her mouth after reassuring herself.
Kohaku "Hamf... mm... fuh... mff..."
The warm penis enters her mouth.
However, it hardly fills it. If anything, it's much smaller than she imagined.
Kohaku (Is this Meno? Am I holding Meno's cock in my mouth right now?)
There is a chance she is holding her brother's dick in her mouth. The thought alone makes her almost tremble with guilty excitement.
Her pulse quickens as she gets nervous, and sweat drips down her forehead.
Soldier A "That's right. Get a nice taste of your brother's dick."
Soldier B "Hahaha, your brother looks like he's having a good time."
She hears the soldiers around her make these comments.
However, she doesn't know if they're telling the truth or not.
Considering this could be Meno's penis requires her to make a decision carefully.
Kohaku "Ngh... mm, mm...!"
Kohaku (It is very thin. Although considering Meno's frame, this seems reasonable... Right?)
With feelings of humiliation, she imagines the shape of the penis in her mind.
She's gone this far, so she has to identify if this man is Meno or not.
Kohaku "Ngh! Mmbuh, uh... shlup...! Mmmp, mm, mfuh, ngh... shlrp... mm, mm..."
She moves her head and traces the shape of the penis with her lips.
The sensation causes the dick to bounce up.
Derek "Okay, that's enough."
Kohaku "Mpah... hah, hah... haaaaaaah..."
The man steps back, freeing Kohaku's mouth.
She had been feeling a little out of breath, so she finds herself taking a deep breath right away.
Derek "You don't have time to rest. Next."
Kohaku "Hah, hah... I know that."
Kohaku "Mm... lckkk, lckkk, muah..."
She carefully traces the shape of the next man's penis with her tongue.
She immediately finds something off-putting.
Kohaku (This seems... different?)
She thought the smell was similar to Meno's, but actually licking it makes her think it's a little too big.
She can also tell just from licking that there is a large vein on the surface.
Meno's is a little smaller and smooth.
Kohaku (It's also pretty thick. When I saw Meno's it was more...)
Soldier A "Hey, put him in your mouth too. Wouldn't want to judge him just by licking, do you?"
Kohaku "Lckkk... muah... ngh, lckk, lckkk..."
She ignores the soldiers and traces the penis shape with her tongue again.
She can't imagine this being Meno at this point.
But that's exactly why she needs more of a confirmation.
Kohaku "Mm... uhm... ngh... mngh..."
Kohaku (No, this isn't it.)
She is sure as soon as she put her mouth around it.
It's got the thickness of an adult. It's big enough to fill her mouth.
The way it pulses inside her mouth is almost like it's ordering her to suck it gives off a cocky energy that doesn't fit Meno.
Kohaku "Mmm, hah... This is not it..."
She spits the dick out and gives her answer.
She can hear the astonished reaction from the soldiers.
Which she's sure means she got it right.
Derek "Then the next one is the last. Make sure to check this one thoroughly."
Kohaku "Lckkk...! Ngh, hahh, ahhhh..."
Kohaku (What...!)
The moment she licks the last man's penis, her whole body shudders.
For some reason, of the three dicks, this one makes her chest hot.
The smell she senses in the back of her nose feels somewhat nostalgic.
Kohaku (This must be it...)
She is fairly sure of it.
Kohaku's instincts are telling her this man is Meno.
Kohaku "Lckkk, muah, muah, lckkk, lckkk, lckkk... ngh, hahh... lckkkk... muah..."
Her tongue moves naturally, licking and stimulating the dick.
The motion doesn't seem to be checking its shape or taste, but it seems more loving.
Her outstretched tongue wraps around the dickhead and gets it nice and wet.
The sensation causes the dick to quiver with pleasure.
She feels the male musk grow stronger.
Kohaku licks her lips and opens her mouth wide.
Kohaku "Hamf... mfuh... mmm, shlurp..."
She takes the hard, hot dick in her mouth and feels a shiver run down her spine.
There's a bitter taste in her mouth.
Kohaku's tongue has caused the man to precum.
For some reason, this fills her with a sense of happiness that causes her heart to stir.
Kohaku "Shlurp... mmm, puh...! Mm, shlurp... ngh... mmb, mmb... mm..."
Kohaku (Is this Meno? A fellow foxfolk that I'm...?)
Slightly bewildered by her own excitement, she squeezes her lips around the dick and strokes it.
Its size is thin, an endearing size that you would think belonged to a child.
When she strokes it with her lips, her lips tingle with an aching sensation.
Kohaku bobs her head up and down to immerse herself in that feeling.
Kohaku "Shlurp, ruh, ngh... Ngh, zulch, shlurp, mm, shlurp..."
Derek "That's enough."
She hears Derek's voice suddenly, and someone grabs her by the head and pulls her away from the penis.
Kohaku "Mpah... hah, hah... mm... hah......."
Drool drips down from her mouth, and she's breathing heavily.
She turns her head, searching for the last penis.
Derek "Looks like you have your answer, but we've come this far. I'll have you see it to the end."
Kohaku "See it to the end? What do you mean?"
Derek "I mean this."
Kohaku "Agh?!"
Derek grabs her by the back of the head again.
Her head is turned up and something hard and hot is plunged into her mouth.
Kohaku "Mrgh! Guhb, zulch, blugh?!"
A dick is pumping in and out of her mouth as if raping her.
No matter how hard she tries to get away, she's unable to move as Derek holds her head in place.
Derek "What's wrong? Hurry up and squeeze out his cum. Then you won't make any mistakes."
Kohaku "Glup, buff, mmmfff..."
She groans as she struggles to breathe, cursing herself for not seeing through Derek's viciousness.
Derek wants her to blow a man in front of her brother.
Not only that, she wants her to blow her brother as well.
While telling her to guess from the smell, he probably intended this from the very start.
Kohaku (But it's too late now... Meno, don't watch your sister do this.)
Kohaku "Mmmmmm, shluuuuuuuuurp! Mm, shlurp, slurp, shlup, shlup, shluuuuuuurrrrrrrrp!"
She cries out to Meno inside her heart and begins blowing the dick inside her mouth.
She squeezes her lips tight and bobs her head vigorously.
Kohaku "Shlurp, shlurp, gulch, mm, shlp, shlrrrrrp, mm, mmm, ngh!"
Soldier A "Hey, she's not bad."
Soldier B "I bet she actually likes a dick in her mouth."
She hears the soldiers making fun of her.
Fortunately, she isn't hearing Meno's voice.
Kohaku tries looking away, breathing through her nose with the dick in her mouth.
Then with the thought of finishing this here, she begins sucking the dick with intense force.
Kohaku "Shluuuuuurp, mm, ngh, mm, shlllllllp, shlrp, mm, ngh, mmmmmmmmmmm!"
She whips her head back and forth, her long hair swinging wildly as she sucks the dick off with her lips.
With a loud noise, she slurps up the dick with all the saliva pouring out of her mouth. The dick begins to quiver.
The taste of male juice envelopes her tongue inside her saliva-filled mouth.
Kohaku (He's about to cum? In that case...)
Kohaku "Shluuuuuurp, zulch, mm, mmmmm, shlurp, mm, shlllllrp, mm...!"
She bobs her head at a faster pace.
This allows her to intensify the force she applies with her lips around his dick.
The sensation causes a twinge deep inside her loins, but she continues attacking the dick without letting up.
Kohaku "Shluurp, zulch, zulch, mm, mmmmmm... nghhhhh, slrp, slrp!"
When she pushes her mouth deeper down the dick, it begins to tremble even more violently.
She pushes even deeper and intensifies her movement.
Kohaku "Shluuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrp!!"
Kohaku "Mmmmmm!? Ngh, kfuuuh... mm, ngh, kfuhhhhhhhhh......!"
With one last tremble, the dick explodes as he cums.
A unique, bitter taste spreads inside her mouth, and she feels a cold shiver run down her spine.
Kohaku "Ngh... uh, mm... ngh, gfuh...!"
She instinctively tries to spit it out, but Derek holds her by the back of the head again.
Kohaku has no choice but to take in every last drop of cum.
Kohaku "Kfuh, mm, ngh... mmmmmmmmmm!"
Kohaku "Mm... glpp, mm.... fuuuh!"
The dick is pulled out of her mouth, and the cum inside her mouth drips down.
Her skin crawls at the sensation of cum running down the back of her throat.
Kohaku (But this isn't Meno.)
The taste is rich, but still not as strong as the smell and taste she sensed from the loincloth.
Not faint, but something is missing. That's how it feels.
Kohaku (What am I even thinking?)
She's disgusted by how she is calmly critiquing the taste of cum.
However, she isn't given a chance to get further inside her head.
Derek "Now, let's have you taste the cum of the one who still remains."
Kohaku "Mm, hah... mm... ngh......."
The last man's dick is put inside her mouth again.
However, the taste of cum inside her mouth is in the way, and she's unable to discern its smell.
However, the twinge in her heart returns vividly.
Kohaku (This is likely Meno's...)
She is about to blow her brother's dick.
Kohaku's chest is filled with guilty excitement.
At the same time, there's a warm ache growing inside her chest.
She is taken aback by her own feelings as she slowly opens her mouth.
Kohaku "Mm, ngh, muh... mmbbbbbb!"
She slides her lips over the dick as she takes the dick in down to the base.
She feels the hardness of the completely erect cock and its heat, but it isn't all too large.
Kohaku runs her sticky tongue over the cock inside her mouth to check its shape again.
Kohaku "Ngh, ngh, muuuh... zlch... shluuuuuuuuuurp, shlup, slrrrrrrrrrrp!"
Kohaku (It's trembling so much after sucking on it just a little. Meno, does your sister's mouth feel that good?)
Even though she hasn't confirmed that it's Meno, she finds herself calling out to him mentally.
However, this smell she senses deep in her nose is similar to Meno's.
It causes Kohaku to tremble warmly.
Kohaku "Zulch, buch, mm, slurp, mm, ngh, ngh, ngh, ngh, nghhhhhhhhhh!"
She violently bobs her head as if she's throwing every aroused cell in her body at him.
Precum drips out of the dick, and she catches its taste on her tongue.
Kohaku (Ah... I'm doing this to my own brother......)
Kohaku "Shlurp, zulch, jub... mm, ngh, muuuh, sluuuuuuuuurp!"
She sucks intensely as if sticking the inside of her cheeks against the dick.
She suddenly feels the man pulling back, and Kohaku follows after him.
She sucks harder, delivering pleasure. It's almost as if she's feeding on the dick.
Kohaku "Sllrp, sllrp, zulch, zulch... mm, slllllllrp!"
The harder she sucks the dick, the more the man begins to tremble.
He's close.
Even if she can't see, Kohaku is able to tell.
Kohaku (Almost... So close...)
Kohaku "Shlurp, slurp, ngh, nghhhhhhhhhhhh!"
She enters the final stretch as she keeps tabs on the dick's reaction.
She bobs her head violently and sucks hard, urging the man to cum.
Kohaku "Sllrp, slrp, ngh, mm, sllrp, sllrp, slllllllllrp!"
Kohaku "Ngh?! Bfff, mmmmmm, ngh, nghhhhhhhhh...!"
The dick flinches and fills her mouth with cum.
The intensity, amount, and heat cause a shiver to run down her spine as she still holds the dick in her mouth.
She feels an aching in her loins that is almost painful.
The dick is still pumping her mouth full of cum.
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh, bshhhh! Gshhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Nnnngh... ngh, mmmmmm...!"
Kohaku twists her hips as she feels his youthful intensity.
The taste and smell she sensed from the loincloth violently shakes her brain.
Kohaku (This taste, this smell... Ah, Meno!)
Kohaku feels her brother's presence and her body trembles.
Kohaku "Mm, gllp... Mm... mm, mm, gulch... Mm, pah... hah... hah, hah, ahh..."
The sticky cum goes down her throat and the flavor and smell become more vivid.
There is no unpleasantness, she actually feels a kind of joy.
Kohaku (Meno... came in my mouth...)
The sticky sensation in her mouth fills her with a sense of satisfaction.
She knows this is taboo, but the thought of Meno feeling pleasure fills her with joy.
Kohaku (Why...? Why do I feel this way when it's my own brother's...?)
She accepts that there's something wrong with her.
However, she can't deny the twinge inside her heart.
Derek "Now, let's hear your answer. Which one is your brother?"
Kohaku "This one... This man is my brother... Meno."
Derek "Now, check the answer yourself."
Derek removes Kohaku's blindfold.
Kohaku squints as she adjusts to the light. In front of her, she sees...
Meno "Sister..."
Meno is looking down at her. His eyes are ready to cry.
The moment Kohaku sees him, she is overcome with emotion but holds back her tears.
Kohaku "Meno... Are you okay?"
She forces a smile as she asks her beloved brother.
No matter what the circumstances, she only cares that Meno is okay.
Meno "I'm sorry, Sister, I... I..."
Kohaku "It's okay now... You have nothing to worry about anymore."
Kohaku consoles Meno, tears welling up.
She hears the soldiers heckling them.
But no matter what anyone says, she is just happy to be reunited with her brother again.
............
......
...
#04_koh003
Derek "Now that you've met your brother, you should be satisfied."
Meno "Sister!"
Kohaku "What are you doing!?"
Derek pulls Meno's thin arms away from Kohaku.
Kohaku wipes the cum off her face and stands up to face Derek.
Derek "What do you mean? I told you you could see him, and I've honored my end of the deal. And now it's over."
Kohaku "You did this all to me, and you think I'd stand for this?"
She stares daggers at Derek.
Her claws glint like sharp blades.
The surrounding soldiers spring to action and draw their swords.
However, Derek doesn't even react.
Instead, he ever-so-slightly tightens his grip around Meno's arm.
Meno "Agh!"
Kohaku "Meno...! Curse you...!"
Meno cries out in pain as his bones creak under the pressure.
Kohaku's eyes become bloodshot with anger, but she can't act rashly with Meno being taken hostage.
Derek "If you insist on being with him, you'll have to pay the price."
Kohaku "What do you mean?"
She asks cautiously in response to Derek's unexpected offer.
Derek smiles but looks at her like she's wounded prey.
Derek "You can have this kid as long as you earn enough money as a Service Nation slave to cover the cost of his room and board."
Derek "Don't worry, I'll bring in all the work you'll need."
Kohaku "How vile..."
Guessing Derek's intentions, Kohaku is filled with contempt.
Meno cowers as Derek and Kohaku stare at each other.
Meno gulps and frantically speaks to Derek.
Meno "U-Um, General Derek, I'll work as well. So----"
Kohaku "It's fine, Meno. Leave it to me."
She puts up a hand to stop him.
She continues to stare down Derek.
Kohaku "Do you swear it?"
Kohaku "As long as I work under you, you swear not to separate Meno from me?"
Derek "Consider it done."
Kohaku urges him with a measured, cold tone while Derek responds casually.
Kohaku stares deeply into Derek's eyes and delivers him a warning.
Kohaku "Do not forget your words. If you break your promise..."
Kohaku "I swear I will rip your throat open even if it will cost me my life."
Derek "I'll keep that in mind."
The surrounding soldiers go pale at Kohaku's terrifying threat.
However, Derek nods as if amused.
Derek "We have ourselves a deal then. You can have him."
Meno "Sister!"
Kohaku "Meno!"
Derek throws Meno over to Kohaku as if tossing luggage onto the floor.
As her brother stumbles over to her, Kohaku runs over and opens her arms to catch him.
Kohaku "Ah, Meno, Meno...! It's all okay now. I'm with you...!"
Meno "Yes, Sister...!"
Kohaku embraces her brother as if she'd never let go again.
Meno brings his thin arms around her back and squeezes her in return.
Kohaku's body trembles with relief as if she's regained a part of her heart that she had lost.
Lucaon "Well done, sir."
Lucaon grins widely enough that his fangs are visible after hearing what happened from Derek.
Lucaon "I'm sure that Kohaku is ecstatic about having her brother back, but she will quickly realize she's been set up. Either way, it's too late."
Perhaps imagining her dismay, Lucaon lets out a sinister laugh.
Derek "I'm excited to see how their foxfolk nature will manifest."
Lucaon "Yes, indeed."
The foxfolk have a unique trait even among the beastmen.
It is their mating season.
When male and female foxfolk spend time together, that is all that's needed for them to go into heat.
Even if they are family.
Lucaon "Did I mention this to you before? We beastmen are susceptible to the effects of moonlight, and they're no exception."
Lucaon "They say that they get pregnant without fail on the night of a full moon."
Derek "In that case, I should prepare the perfect setting for them."
Lucaon "I'm sure they would cry tears of joy."
Lucaon nods and raises his wine bottle in pre-celebration.
The next day...
Derek "Come out. It's time to work."
Kohaku "..."
Understanding that she would become a slave, Kohaku was thrown into a cell with Meno.
Derek barges in and gives his orders.
She thought she was mentally prepared, but her body is still stiff with nerves.
Perhaps sensing this, Meno looks up at her with a worried expression.
Meno "Sister..."
Kohaku "There's no need to worry. I'll be back soon. You wait here for me."
Kohaku gives Meno a reassuring smile and pets his head.
Meno still looks worried, but he nods.
Derek "Customers are waiting. Hurry it up."
Kohaku "I'm coming."
She holds in her annoyance and follows Derek out of the cell.
She looks back at her brother.
Kohaku "I'll be right back."
Meno "Yes, Sister. I will be awaiting your safe return."
Meno purses his lips and sees Kohaku off with a polite bow.
She feels her chest tighten with a warm feeling upon seeing him.
Kohaku "So, what kind of work is this?"
She asks Derek as she follows him from behind, undoubtedly sure that the work would be vulgar in nature.
Without breaking his stride, Derek looks back with an expected smile.
Derek "A nobleman I know asked if I had any good bitches. When I told him I had a fox, he said that would do."
Kohaku "......."
Derek "The job is easy. You just need to accompany him when he takes his dog on a walk. Go do your best for your brother's sake."
Kohaku "You don't need to remind me."
Accompany a nobleman on a dog walk.
Kohaku lets out a sigh suspecting that it won't be as straightforward as a dog walk.
#04_koh004h_koh03
Kohaku "Ngh..."
Nobleman "I'm so glad it turned out to be wonderful weather for a walk."
A cheerful voice calls out from behind Kohaku.
Of course, Kohaku could not agree.
Kohaku (I can't believe they would make me do this... Ngh...)
She tightens her fists as she crawls on the ground.
Her body trembles with shame, unable to contain her embarrassment.
She never imagined she would be stripped naked, taken outside, and forced to crawl on all fours while wearing a dog collar.
What's more, there is a collared demon dog right next to her as if they are going on a walk together.
Kohaku (This... This is all for Meno...)
Kohaku desperately tries to calm herself while she is being heckled by people along the road.
Citizen A "Hahaha, look at that. A nobleman is taking a dog on a walk."
Citizen B "Look at those huge tits. That bitch must be in heat."
Kohaku "Ngh... ngh...!"
Kohaku grits her teeth to try to contain her shame.
Her molars rattle and creak.
She gives the men a death stare, but being naked and collared doesn't exactly inspire fear.
The men continue to gawk at her tits, ass, and pussy as she continues down on all fours.
Kohaku awkwardly twists her body in an attempt to shield her private areas from the men as best as she can.
Then the demon dog walking next to her nuzzles up to her.
Helldog "Ruff! Ruff!"
Kohaku "Ngh... You..."
It's much too large to call a dog, towering over her as she's forced on her knees.
The demon dog seems to be in a good mood as it's been nuzzling its toned body against her frequently.
Nobleman "Oh, good boy. You like this bitch? I'm so glad I talked to General Derek."
The nobleman holding her and the dog's leash remarks cheerfully.
Of course, it is awful news for Kohaku.
Not to mention the further they walk, the more people gather along the road.
Women, children, young men, and old men all look at her lecherously.
Kohaku (So this is the Service Nation...)
Nobody feels sympathy for Kohaku. Nobody tries to help her.
They all enjoy Kohaku suffering in shame.
She knew that the Service Nation elite and soldiers were rotten.
But she didn't imagine the regular citizens would be as well.
Kohaku (Just bite your tongue. I only need to finish this walk and return to Meno...)
As she solidifies her resolve, she reaches out with her hand to continue on the walk.
Just then, Kohaku senses something and turns her head. What she sees sends a chill down her spine.
Kohaku (Khh...!? W-What is with this demon dog?)
It looks like the demon dog is almost smiling.
It's a lecherous smile like when a male looks at a female.
Kohaku (No... It can't be... I may be a beastman, but I'm still a person... Why would a dog...?)
Her pulse quickens as she tenses up, and her mouth becomes dry.
The grinning demon dog circles behind Kohaku.
Kohaku (No... It can't!)
Kohaku "Ngh...! W-What...!?"
Her voice becomes shrill.
The demon dog's giant body mounts her from behind.
Something hard and hot touches her groin.
All the hair on her body stands on end.
Kohaku "You can't be serious... S-Stop! Stop it!"
Kohaku squirms and puts up a fight. She won't let this demon dog rape her in public like this.
However, before she can shake the dog off her, she feels a yank on the leash attached to her collar.
Kohaku "Ngh...!? W-What...?"
Nobleman "Why are you resisting when my good boy wants to put his seed in you?"
Kohaku "Enough of this nonsense! Why do I have to entertain a dog!"
Nobleman "Well, that's strange. Dogs are only supposed to bark."
Kohaku "Why you...!"
Her face's red with anger, and she starts to stand up.
Being walked around naked with a collar on was humiliating enough, but she draws the line at having intercourse with a dog in public.
Nobleman "This bitch needs to be disciplined. Perhaps I should return this one and buy the younger brother instead."
Kohaku "W-What!?"
Kohaku freezes in place.
The man is stroking his chin as if in contemplation with a large smile on his face.
Nobleman "My baby might actually enjoy that more..."
Kohaku "Silence! You'll keep Meno out of this!"
Nobleman "Then be quiet and let my dog mate with you."
Kohaku "Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...!"
With Meno being used as leverage, all she can do is grit her teeth.
She has no choice but to do as the nobleman says.
As if he understands, the demon dog presses his dick harder against her groin.
A chill runs down her spine because his cock feels hotter and bumpier than any human dick.
Nobleman "So, what's the matter? Should I get your brother instead?"
The nobleman pulls at her leash gently.
The gesture is meant to remind her that he's the boss.
Kohaku becomes dizzy from shame as she raises her ass towards the demon dog.
Nobleman "Come on, be more inviting to my boy. Of course, you'll need to use your dog words."
Kohaku "Ngh, rrrrrr... W-Woof."
Her body is trembling with shame. However, she barks like a dog for Meno's sake.
It seems to have worked as the demon dog begins humping wildly.
The hot dog dick brushes against the slit of her pussy, and she flinches.
Then the demon dog thrusts his dick again.
Kohaku "Ngaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!? Ah, agh, hah, ngaaaaaaaaah!"
The dick feels like it's on fire as it penetrates her.
The hot, hard dick spreads her dry pussy wider as it pushes its way inside her.
Kohaku "Agh, ngh... Gah... It's... going inside me!"
Holding back tears of pain and anguish, she takes in the demon dog's dick.
The heat she feels inside her pussy is repulsive, making her nauseous.
However, in order to protect Meno, she has no choice but to mate with this dog.
The demon dog humps with wild abandon after plunging his whole shaft inside her.
Kohaku "Haaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnngh! Ungh, mm... mhh! T-That's so... hard... Gah!"
A muffled sound escapes Kohaku's mouth with every pump of the demon dog.
His hip movements are more violent than a human's, simply ramming it deeper and deeper.
Kohaku "Kah, agh, ah, ah, aghhhhhhh! Mm, mm, mh, hew, ah, hahn!"
The demon dog's dick drills into her cervix with the intensity of beating drums.
It feels as if her uterus is being pushed further inside her body, and she feels herself starting to blackout.
She feels her pussy burning up from the friction.
Kohaku "Hghhhhhhh, uh, ngh, mm, mm, ngh, heh, mm, fuuuuuuuhn!"
Citizen A "Look, she's moaning with pleasure getting raped by that dog."
Citizen B "Of course, she's a bitch after all. Hahahahaha!"
People stop and point at her being raped by the demon dog, clapping and enjoying the show.
It only builds on her misery.
Kohaku (Hurry... Hurry up and let this be over already!)
Kohaku "Mm, mmmmmm, ngh, heh... Mmmmmmmmm!"
Kohaku "Ngh... Huh?"
In the middle of Kohaku's moaning, the demon dog suddenly stops.
As if her prayers were answered, her mouth hangs open in disbelief.
Kohaku (What happened? Is it really... over?)
A fleeting sense of hope creeps inside.
However, she knows it isn't going to be so easy when she feels great pressure inside her pussy.
Kohaku "W-What is this...? It can't be!? S-Stop! Don't!"
The base of the demon dog's dick suddenly begins to bulge.
In mere moments, it swells to the size of an adult male's fist.
The demon dog is throwing his body against her to push the bulge inside her.
Kohaku "Nghhhhhh, nghhhhhhhhh! I-I can't! That... won't... fit...!"
They say the base of a dog's penis swells before ejaculating to create a cork that prevents their semen from leaking out.
The demon dog is meaning to do just that.
However, the size of the bulge is all too much.
She twists her body to try to escape, but the demon dog has her trapped under his giant frame. Moreover, the nobleman's words bind Kohaku's movements.
Nobleman "Good grief... How many times do I have to teach you that dogs say woof? I guess you want your brother to take your place after all."
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhhh! Ngh, fuh, nn....!"
When he threatens to subject Meno to this, Kohaku bites her tongue and stops resisting.
The demon dog doesn't lose a beat and pushes his dick inside even harder.
Kohaku "Ngh, ah, ahhhhhhh! Agh, kah!"
Her pussy hole cries out as her loins feel like they're on fire.
Her pussy hole is already stretched to the point of ripping.
Kohaku "Kffffffff, fuh, mmmfuh, fuh.... Nghhhhhhhhhh!"
Even her hip joints are starting to creak.
Kohaku grits her teeth to suck in the pain, and large beads of sweat form on her forehead.
Nobleman "Now, let's hear you cry!"
Helldog "Rrrrrrrrrrrrr, rrrrrrrrrrrrr!"
The demon dog growls as the nobleman exclaims in victory.
At the same time, the demon dog pushes his hips forward strongly.
Kohaku "Nggggggah!? Ahhh.... Wafff, waaaaaaaaaaaaaoo, awwooooooooooooooooooooooo!"
She can hear the sound of tearing meat coming from her groin.
Her vision turns red from the burning pain.
Sweat pours down her body as it feels as if her muscles and joints have been torn apart.
Despite the blinding pain and shame, Kohaku forces herself to mimic the sound of a dog.
Kohaku "Ngh, ah, kah...! Woof, woof, hnnnnnnnnnnn...!"
Her stretched-out pussy hurts every time she takes a breath.
Kohaku has seen her fair share of the battlefield, but she's never experienced this level of pain before.
The heckling from the crowd becomes fainter.
She is starting to think that it would be much easier if she just lost consciousness.
Kohaku "Heee, nghhh, nghhhhhhhhh.... Eeeeeeek.... Waoooooooooooooo!"
The demon dog pushes the bulge in and starts to hump her.
He pumps his dick in and out, the tip pushing up against her cervix and the bulge stretching her pussy hole wide.
The intensity isn't even comparable to when he first penetrated her.
However, it doesn't matter how gently he could be doing it, Kohaku's body is writhing in pain.
Kohaku "Nghh, uh, ghhhh, hhhhh, uh, nghhh...... Kfuh! Fngh! Wao, ngh, waooooooooo!"
The pain turns into incredible heat which suddenly turns into a cold, numbing sensation that causes Kohaku to shiver.
The demon dog pushes his dick inside her again, and she feels her organs jostle.
Kohaku "Hack...! Mmfff, fah, nghhhhhhhhhh, woof... Woooooooooooooof!?"
The bulge swells even more and stretches her pussy even more.
She can feel something building inside the demon dog's thick dick.
Then...
Spllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllrt! Splrt! Splrrrrt! Splrt! Splrt!")
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhhhhhhhooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku howls like a beast as the demon dog's white seed fills her pussy.
The amount and heat can't be compared to a human's.
Scalding semen gushes into her by the bucketful.
Kohaku "Kwohhhhhhhhhhhh! Nghhhhh, nghhhh, ogggggoh... Hooooooooooooooooooohn!"
The sticky semen continues to pump inside her.
What's more, her pussy hole is being plugged by the dog's bulge.
With nowhere to go, the sperm heads to her uterus, filling it up to capacity.
Kohaku "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, ohn, ohn, oooooof... Waaaaaaaaaaah!"
Kohaku can do nothing but cry out like a dog as she feels like his cum is ripping her stomach open.
Kohaku "Fuh... mm... fuh, fuh, fuuuuuuuuh........."
Kohaku claws at the ground as she breathes heavily.
Her pussy hole is filled up with the demon dog's white liquid. There's so much that she can feel the weight of it.
The demon dog's dick is still inside her pussy.
Nobleman "Oh, good, good. You were left satisfied?"
Helldog "Woof!"
Kohaku can hear them interacting behind her.
Recovering from the shock of the ejaculation, Kohaku's hearing returns and the laughter reaches her once again.
Citizen C "Damn, I never knew dog fucking was so hot!"
Citizen D "Yeah, that bitch got me going!"
Kohaku (Ngh... Curse you...)
Kohaku claws the ground in frustration again.
Just then, she feels the pressure in her loins growing smaller.
Perhaps satisfied by the ejaculation, the dog's dick and bulge start to shrink.
She slowly looks back while being careful about her body and sees the dog looking at her triumphantly.
Kohaku "Mmm... kff... ah, ahh..."
The demon dog stretches his legs and pulls his hindquarters back.
Her pussy hole is stretched wide and the bulge comes out with a plop. She lets out an involuntary groan, and the demon dog pulls his dick out.
Kohaku "Haff... Ahah, hah, ahh, mm.... hah... F-Finally..."
Kohaku's body aches but feels some relief as if she's finally been able to put down something heavy she's been carrying.
Her pussy hole remains agape after being stretched by the dog's giant bulge.
However, the buckets of semen pumped inside her are so thick, it doesn't even come pouring out of her.
Kohaku (Now... I can go back to Meno...)
Kohaku desperately tries to steady herself as her limbs begin to give out.
She was taken on a walk with a dog and forced to mate with it.
However, she completed her demeaning job.
Kohaku begins to stand with that thought in mind.
Just then, the demon dog circles over to her face, his giant claws stepping on the stone paving.
The demon dog spreads his legs right in Kohaku's face to expose his groin.
Kohaku "What...? What are you...? No, you can't!?"
The violent dick that filled her with semen just moments ago is dangled in front of her face.
If he were human, the action would be interpreted as a request for a clean-up.
However, this is a demon dog.
Kohaku "Khh...!? S-Stop... T-This isn't a jo----"
Kohaku is unable to maintain her dog act at this absurd turn.
His half-hard dick is trembling.
Kohaku turns her head and tries to run away.
However, the nobleman pulls her by the leash.
Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Whiiizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!")
Kohaku "Ngh, bfff!? Bffff... gff, ngh, nghhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
The demon dog's dick sprays her with yellow piss, not white cum.
The dirty liquid hits Kohaku in the face.
Citizen E "Hahahaha, a piss facial! Too bad it's not cum, bitch!"
Citizen F "No, the dog is marking his territory. He's telling others to stay away from his female! Hahahahaha!"
Kohaku is subjected to even more mockery after the dog showers her with his piss.
However, she is too busy trying to not drown.
Whizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz! Whizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz! Splsh, splsh, splsh!")
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhhhhh, kaff, kaff! That's enough... Ngh, ablub, blub, blub, mmfff, fmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!"
Getting pulled by the collar, Kohaku is unable to get away, and she has no choice but to have her face pissed on.
Kohaku "Peh... hah... hah, hah... kaff, kaff... ugh..."
Her nose and eyes sting from the piss, and tears are streaming down her face. She also has a strong salty taste in her mouth.
Her face and hair reek, the stench enveloping her.
Nobleman "Hahaha, I see. You like her so much you want to take her back home? Good boy."
Helldog "Rrrr, woof!"
The vicious demon dog wags his tail after being praised by his master.
Kohaku (That's not going to happen... But now I'm finally done...)
It's over. She can return to Meno.
The thought of Meno is the only thing keeping Kohaku's heart and body from breaking.
............
......
...
#04_koh005
Kohaku "I'm back..."
Meno "Welcome home, Sister."
Kohaku drags her weary body into the room, and Meno greets her with a smile.
He bolts over to her and gives her a big hug.
Kohaku "I'm sorry I'm so late."
Meno "It's okay. I'm just glad you're back safe."
Kohaku "Meno..."
Tears begin to form as she embraces Meno.
Just feeling his warmth is enough to comfort her spirit.
Kohaku squeezes her arms around Meno a little tighter and lets out a sigh of relief.
When suddenly...
Kohaku "Hm...?"
She smells a sweet aroma.
She thinks it's fruit at first, but it's not.
Kohaku (Is this... Meno...?)
The moment she makes the realization, her loins get hot.
What she smells is without a doubt the smell of Meno's semen.
For whatever reason, she feels something deep in her loins tighten in a painful sensation.
Kohaku (What?! It can't be...!?)
This sensation is being in heat.
Of course, Kohaku is well aware of the foxfolk's nature.
He may be her brother, but she knows what will happen when she sleeps in the same room as someone of the opposite sex.
That's why she planned on asking Derek to move them into separate rooms at some point.
Kohaku (How could this happen after just one day...? That's impossible.)
Kohaku (This must be because of the vile acts I was forced to do this afternoon...)
She makes excuses for herself and ignores all the feelings that are bubbling up.
She lets go of Meno's body and balls her fists.
Meno "Sister? Is something wrong?"
Kohaku "No, it's nothing. More importantly, what happened to you while I was gone? They didn't mistreat you, did they?"
Meno "No, I'm fine. I wanted to help you in any way I could, so I asked General Derek to allow me to do chores around the castle."
Kohaku "I s-see..."
Just hearing Derek's name fills her with worry.
But looking at Meno's expression, he must not have done anything terrible to him.
Meno "What about you, Sister? What did they make you do today?"
Kohaku "Hm? About the same as you..."
She forces a smile as she answers Meno's innocent query.
There's no way she can tell him that she was forced to fuck a dog in public.
She prays that he never finds out.
Meno "Sister, I will work hard to earn my own dinner."
Kohaku "As long as you don't push yourself too hard."
Kohaku can only smile at her brother's lovable attitude and pet his head.
And so Kohaku and Meno's days continued in the Service Nation...
Meno "Welcome home, Sister."
Meno jumps at her with a smile when Kohaku returns to their cell after finishing her services for the day.
Kohaku "Thank you. Another quiet day on your end?"
Meno "Yes, I'm fine."
Kohaku caresses Meno gently as he embraces her cheerfully.
She slowly pets his head while carefully checking his body for any injuries.
Nothing seems out of place, but she can't be too careful.
This is the Service Nation after all.
Meno "Hehehe, Sister......"
Kohaku "......................."
Meno innocently hugs his sister.
But that is enough for Kohaku's loins to light on fire, and her face twitches slightly.
Kohaku (Not this sensation again......)
It has already been ten days since she's been working for the Service Nation under Derek's orders.
During that time, she's been entertaining depraved perverts, and both her body and mind are exhausted.
The acts they ask of Kohaku differ every day.
Some days she's thoroughly humiliated, while other times she is just forced to feel pleasure.
At first, she frantically resisted, but lately, she's let the pleasure take over.
Kohaku (Living in the same room with Meno has triggered my sexual appetite.)
Meno "Ah, Sister..."
Meno gives her a strong hug with a dreamy expression on his face.
She feels both love and apprehension at the same time.
Meno is probably experiencing sexual arousal just like her.
Kohaku (I have to ask for separate rooms soon...)
With that thought in mind, Kohaku returns to Meno's embrace.
That night...
Meno "Ngh..."
Kohaku "Hm...? Meno...?"
Kohaku wakes up after hearing Meno's moaning.
She sees Meno next to her sweating and moaning.
Kohaku "Meno, what's wrong? Are you not feeling well?"
She gently shakes Meno's body and calls out to him.
Meno half opens his eyes. It's clear he's experiencing discomfort.
Kohaku "Does it hurt somewhere?"
Meno "Sister... I... I... My peepee...!"
Kohaku "H-Huh?"
Her eyes widen at the unexpected word.
However, Meno doesn't look to be lying.
His penis is fully erect, pushing out against his clothing.
There is something unusual about his bulge.
Kohaku (W-What is it? What is happening to Meno?)
Kohaku "I'm sorry, Meno. I'm going to have to take a look."
With a gulp, Kohaku undoes Meno's loincloth.
Then Kohaku's eyes widen at what she sees.
Kohaku "What...!? How is this...!?"
What she sees is a penis much larger than she imagined.
His dick is the size of his arms, and the veins are popping out as it twitches and spasms.
Even his testicles are swollen to the size of his fist.
A thick male musk wafts up at Kohaku from Meno's groin.
Kohaku (N-No... He's in heat...)
Meno "Sister...!"
Kohaku "Meno..."
The series of surprises cause her body to heat up.
She swallows subconsciously and stares at Meno's dick.
Meno's sexual arousal is causing Kohaku's to trigger as well.
Kohaku (This is bad... At this rate, we'll actually...)
If she goes into heat as well, it is clear what would happen.
However, she can't look away from Meno's dick.
The ache in her loins starts to become painful.
Her pulse quickens, and she feels herself getting dizzy.
Meno "Sister... I... I..."
Meno grips his small hand around his dick. He looks like he's in pain.
A huge drop of precum oozes out of the tip.
Kohaku's heart skips a beat, and her pulse quickens.
Kohaku (Meno's in pain... That's why I have to do something for him...)
Kohaku (This... This isn't obscene... It's only to relieve Meno of his pain...)
She strokes Meno's head while giving herself convenient excuses.
Kohaku "Meno... You don't need to worry... Just relax and leave it all to me..."
Her voice trembles as she puts on a smile to reassure him.
The blush on her cheeks betrays the faint hint of joy she's feeling underneath.
#04_koh006h_koh04
Meno "Sister... Ah, I... I can't..."
Meno crawls on all fours, calling out to Kohaku in a teary voice.
His dick and balls are swollen to an abnormal level. They're so hot that Kohaku almost feels like she'll burn her hand as she gently grips them.
Kohaku "Don't worry. Leave it all to me."
She touches Meno's member directly, and she feels her pulse quicken.
Still, she talks to him as gently as she can to put his mind at ease.
Kohaku "Look how swollen they are... I'll make it better."
Not knowing how hard she should touch him, she starts off gently gripping his shaft with her right hand. She grabs the head of his dick with her left hand and gently strokes.
That's enough to send shivers down Meno's body, and she sees there is precum already.
Kohaku "Mm... hhh... Meno... Does it hurt? Is this amount of pressure okay?"
Meno "Hah... a-ah... I-It's good..."
Meno's voice is like a sweet moan.
Kohaku gets a twinge in her heart when she hears it, and her loins grow hot.
She thinks to herself she will do anything for him.
Meno "Ah... ah... That feels... so good..."
Kohaku's willowy fingers gently rub and caress Meno's swollen dick.
She finds it darling that even with how swollen his dick is, his foreskin is still covering the head.
However, she can clearly see the engorged outline of his head under his foreskin, rubbing her thighs together secretly.
She hears a sticky smack come from her own groin.
She shakes her head to push the thoughts away and focuses on rubbing the head of Meno's dick.
Meno "Sister... the tip... hurts..."
Meno shifts his hips uncomfortably, and his swollen nut sack jostles about.
The head of his dick is fully engorged, pulling his foreskin so that it almost rips.
Kohaku "Yes, this does look painful. I'll pull it back for you... It might hurt, but try to hold it in."
Meno "O-Okay... Thank you..."
Meno lifts his hips so Kohaku can more easily maneuver herself.
Kohaku swallows down her spit and carefully peels back the skin over the head of his dick.
She coats her fingertip with his precum and rubs it between his foreskin and the head of his dick.
Meno "Ngh... ngh... ah..."
Kohaku "Are you okay? Should we take a little break?"
Meno "No... please keep going..."
She keeps an eye on Meno as she gently grips the head of his dick with her right hand and slowly peels his foreskin down.
Then...
Meno "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!"
Kohaku "Kfh... hah... ah, this is... Mmmm."
Out from under the foreskin appears the violently engorged head of his dick. It has a cute, pink color.
Her head becomes dizzy from the majesty, the heat, and the intoxicating male musk of it.
She feels a sharp, stabbing ache deep within her loins.
Meno "Ahhh, Sister... I'm sorry! I'm sorry!"
Kohaku "W-What!? Meno!?"
Meno's ass suddenly trembles, and the dick she's holding begins to pulsate.
Splrt! Splrt! Splrrrrrrrrrrt! Splrt! Splrt!")
Meno "Eeeeeeeek! I'm cumming! My peepee is cumming!"
Kohaku "Ahh...! Mm, hah!? It's so hot! Ahhhhhhhh!"
Meno moans and a huge load of cum shoots out of his dick.
Kohaku catches it with her hand, but it quickly fills up and spills to the floor.
Kohaku "S-So much!"
Meno "Ah, hah, mm... faaaaaaaaaaah!"
Meno moans like a girl as his hips continue to tremble.
Each time a huge load of semen spurts out of his dick, continuing to cover the floor as it spills from Kohaku's hand.
Kohaku "Meno... you were so built up..."
Meno "Ah, ahhh, it's still coming... Sister, there's more of my dick juice coming!"
Spllllrrrt! Splllrrrt! Spllllrrrrt!")
Kohaku "Afuuuuuuuuh, mm, Meno...!"
She takes her brother's huge load in her hand, and a shiver runs down her entire body.
Meno "Sister... I'm sorry... I've dirtied your hand so much..."
Kohaku "There is no need to cry. Besides, I wanted this for you..."
She consoles him gently as he hiccups.
She continues to gently rub Meno's dick.
Thick beads of cum are still pumping out of the head of his even more engorged dick.
Kohaku swallows her spit down loudly.
Her vision turns hot as the giant, trembling dick draws her in.
Kohaku (What am I even thinking? I have to ease Meno's discomfort...)
She shakes her head to push down her lust and calls out to him gently.
Kohaku "We should clean this up."
Meno "Ah... ah, ah... Sister!"
She slowly squeezes out the cum still left in his shaft. Then she wipes away the cum on his dick with her finger.
Meno lets out a moan as she handles his dick after it just came moments ago.
Kohaku "I'll have to... clean this up too."
Meno "Mm... That's... ah, hah..."
She squeezes the head of his dick, milking it. She pinches the cum that oozes out and pulls it out.
Kohaku's heartbeat quickens as she hears Meno's moans.
The heat she feels on her palm and the rigidness of his hard dick are both making Kohaku more and more excited.
Kohaku "Hah, hah, hah... Meno... Ngh... shlrp... mmmm, fuh... mfffffff..."
Before she knows it, she slurps up the cum on her finger.
The rich male musk and thick taste of cum send a jolt from her mouth to her brain, and all the hair on her body raises up in excitement.
Kohaku (It's so... so sweet like nectar...! No, this taste is...!)
Kohaku "Okay, Meno... I'll squeeze it all out... Mm... ngh... fuh... slrrp... lckk... slrrp."
Meno "Ah, if you do that, I'm going to...!"
She jacks Meno off as she licks up the cum.
The sickening sound of her slurping echoes throughout the cell.
Kohaku "Okay... All clean now, Meno..."
Her tone is still kind, but her eyes are fixed on his dick.
His unimaginably huge dick hangs off of his slight frame.
However, Meno is almost crying in pain as his little, pale, round ass trembles.
Meno "Hah, hah, hah... I'm sorry... It's starting to hurt again... Mm..."
Meno bounces his hips.
Large beads of precum are leaking out of his dick even though it had just been wrung dry of any cum.
Kohaku scoops up the precum with her fingertips and gently rubs it back into the head of his dick as she speaks to him.
Kohaku "I know... You're still backed up. I told you to leave it to me..."
Meno "Hah... Your hand... Mmmm, it feels so good!"
Kohaku's hand wraps around the head of Meno's dick and begins polishing it like a treasure.
Meanwhile, she tightly grips the root of his shaft with her right hand and applies steady pressure.
Meno shivers and whimpers at the sensation he feels on his dick. Precum continues to pour out of the head of his dick.
Kohaku "Would you like it... a little harder, Meno?"
Meno "Hah... Yes... Yes... please pump it harder!"
Meno's hips tremble up and down.
The pleasure is so great, he begins to move his hips himself.
He is rubbing his dick against Kohaku's hand of his own volition.
Kohaku "Meno... Look how swollen it is..."
His swollen balls are the size of a child's fist. Every time Meno pumps his hips, they swing and bounce.
She feels a twinge upon seeing his sweet plums.
Kohaku (Inside this ball sack... is that thick, hot baby seed juice...!)
Kohaku "Lckkk... muah, ngh, lckkk, lckkkk..."
Meno "Hyah! Y-You licked...!?"
Before she knows it, Kohaku is licking Meno's scrotum.
The moment she hears Meno's moan of pleasure, she finally realizes what she's done. She frantically tries to stop her tongue, but she ends up doing just the opposite.
Kohaku "Meno... If you move, it's hard to lick you... Mm, lck, slrp, lck... Mmm, hah, muah, muah, muah, mm, lck, lckkk..."
She licks his swollen ball sack with her outstretched tongue.
She lovingly kisses his twitching scrotum and rolls it over her tongue.
She feels the balls inside his sack tighten on her tongue.
Meno "Sister...! If you like my balls like that... I... I...!"
Kohaku "You want to cum again, don't you? It's okay. I'll squeeze it all out again... Lckkk... muah... hah... lckkk, lckk... puh, ahh...!"
She teases the root of his shaft while licking his scrotum persistently.
She opens her mouth and gently places it in her mouth, licking furiously.
Kohaku "Lckkk, muah, ngh, hahh, lckkk, lckkkk... Come on, I know your ball sack is full... Lckkk, lckkkk, lckkkk!"
Meno "Sister...! I... I can't hold on! I'm sorry! I'm going to cum again! I'm cumming!"
Kohaku "Good! If you want to cum... lckk, muah, then cum... Spray your load all over me..."
Kohaku "I want you to... lckk, lckkk... Cover your sister... with your thick and sticky dick juice!"
Filled with lust, Kohaku doesn't even realize the filthy things she's saying to Meno.
Her words drive Meno over the edge.
Meno "Ah, ahh... I'm cumming! I'm shooting my dick juice!"
Kohaku "Ngh, lckk, muah, pah, lckkk, lckkkk, mmm, hahhh, lckkkkkkkk!!!!"
Splrt! Splrt! Splrrrrrrrrrrrrt! Splrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt!")
Meno "Ah, ahhhhh, Sister! I'm cumming! My peepee is cumming!"
Kohaku "Ah, it's so hot! Meno, your hot baby seed... it's covering my hand... Ahhhhhhhh!"
For the second time, Meno blasts Kohaku's hand with thick cum. It feels so hot it's almost burning.
Her whole body shivers as if she took the load inside her.
Kohaku "Ahhhh, Meno... You're so... You're...!"
Meno "Ah, ah, ahhhhh, I'm still cumming! More peepee juice is cumming out!"
Splllrrrrt! Spllllllrrrrrt!!")
Kohaku "Ah, Meno! I'm... I'm cumming toooooooooo!"
Meno shivers and drops three more loads of cum on Kohaku.
She catches the load in her hand and lets out an orgasmic cry.
Meno "Hah, ngh, hah... Sister, how can I cum again so soon...? Ah, my peepee feels so good!"
Meno writhes after experiencing another immediate orgasm.
He clenches his fist to withstand the pain as his legs squirm.
Kohaku "Ah... You want to cum some more? Mm, hah, hah... Don't worry. I'll squeeze every last drop out... Mm..."
She takes the hand that caught Meno's cum and jacks him off with a sticky smacking sound.
Kohaku squirms as the sound seems to be calling attention to the state of her own pussy.
Her uterus is aching with burning pain.
Kohaku (Ah, I'm sorry, Meno... I... I said it is all for you... Nghhhhhhh!)
Unable to resist her own lust, she brings her face down closer to Meno's male musk.
Kohaku "Hamph... mm, shlrrrrp... shlrrrrp!"
Meno "Hyah! S-Sister... y-you're eating my sack... Yah!"
She puts the scrotum she had just licked into her mouth and slurps loudly.
Meno screams like a girl and bends backward.
Kohaku "You already came twice... but your ball sack is still so swollen... Mm, ngh... shlrrrp, shlrrrp!"
Meno "Ah, hah, my peepee ball... Ah... You're sucking it.... Eeeeek, it feels so good!"
Kohaku "Mmm, shlrrrp... You like it... when I suck on your balls... shlllrrrp, muah... don't you?"
Meno "Eeeeek... I-It feels so good! M-My balls are getting sucked... and... you're twisting the tip... Ah, eeek, it's so good!"
Meno moans as he puts the sensations he's feeling into words.
Each word edges Kohaku further and further along, setting her body on fire.
She sucks his balls even more diligently, throwing her whole being into it.
Kohaku "Mm, hamph, amph... mm, ngh... mm, ahm... hngh...!"
Meno "Ahhh, ahhh, not that...! That feels too good, Sister!"
Kohaku takes his swollen balls into her mouth as she hears him scream and gently runs her teeth over the skin of his ball sack.
Meno's dick quivers after she pushes just the right buttons to push him over the edge.
His balls suck up into his body from inside Kohaku's mouth as if to run away from her.
Kohaku "Y-You're about to cum again, aren't you? It's okay... I'll squeeze out your dick juice as many times as I have to! Amph, hamph, ngh, mm, shlrrrrrrrp!"
Meno "Ah, ah, ahhh, Sister, that's... I can't... I...!"
She pulls and slurps up Meno's ball sack with her mouth while jacking off his shaft and the head of his dick with her hands.
The three-pronged attack causes Meno's whole body to spasm.
Meno "Sister, I'm cumming! My peepee is cumming again!"
Kohaku "Mph, shlrp, shluuuuuurp! Okay, cum for me! Mm, shlrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrp!"
The moment she slurps Meno's ball sack harder, she feels the cum getting ready to shoot out.
Splrt! Splrt! Splrrrrrrrrrrrt! Splrrrrrrrrrrrrt!")
Meno "Ahhhhhhhhhhh! My peepee is cumming! I can't stop cumming!"
Kohaku "Mmmmfffffffffffffff! Mffff! Nggggggggggggggh!"
As Meno cums, Kohaku's body convulses after she smells his seed and feels its heat.
She feels a powerful pleasure from her head to her toes, and her vision goes white momentarily.
Kohaku (Ah, I can't believe it...! I-I'm really... Ah, ah, no! It's firing out again! Oh, no! Nghhhhhhhhhhh!)
A hot wave spawns from deep within her loins that she can't stop, sweeping over Kohaku's body.
She closes her thighs, but they rub against each other, and as she convulses, love juices drip out of her.
Kohaku (Ah, Meno... I'm cumming too!)
Splrrrrrrrrrrrt! Splrrrrrrrrrrrt!")
Meno "Hyah! My balls! You're sucking on my balls! I can't stop cumming!"
Kohaku "Mfffffffffff! Shlrrrrrrrrp, shlrrrrrrrrrrp, shlrrrrrrrrrrrp!"
Kohaku lets her excitement take over and sucks on Meno's balls to feel the pulsing of his orgasm from inside her mouth.
Kohaku "Mm, mmp, lckk, lckk...! Slurp, mfff, mm... lckk, lckk, muah, lckk..."
Meno "Ngh!? Ah! Hah! Sister! You're still... Ahh! Eeek!"
Kohaku "Hah, hamph, muah, mm, shluuuuuuuuurp, shluuuuuuuuuuurp! Your dick is still so hard! Shlrrrrrrrrrrrrp!"
Kohaku is relentlessly sucking Meno's dick seconds after he just finished ejaculating.
She pushes her face up against him, sucking Meno's taint as her hands jack his dick off from tip to base.
Meno "No, Sister! I just came three times! But still... my dick is going to...!"
Meno screams out in pain and pulls his waist back.
Kohaku stretches her body after him and continues to lick his scrotum. His testicles suck into his body once again.
Upon seeing this, Kohaku instantly pops his scrotum into her mouth and tightens her lips around the base.
Meno "Nghhhhhhhh, eeeeeek...! Sister!"
Kohaku "Ngh, nghhhhhhhh, mmmmmmmm! Meno, not yet... Mm, hold in your cum for now... Ngh... mm, shlrrrrrrrrrrrrrrp!"
Meno writhes in pain as she has him by the balls and forcibly stops him from cumming.
Kohaku doesn't release his ball sack and continues to prevent him from ejaculating.
Kohaku "Now, Meno... endure it... Ngh... mm, mff, fmmm, mm, mmmm... Then I will give you... even more pleasure... mfffff..."
Meno "O-Okay... I-If you say so... I'll hold it in!"
Meno follows her instructions and resists the temptation.
He tightens up his asshole and violently faces the storm of pleasure.
As he does, his shrunken scrotum begins to relax inside Kohaku's mouth.
Kohaku "Mfff... Good job... Then enjoy my tongue..."
Kohaku's calm tone of voice is betrayed by the glint of lust in her eyes. Reflected in her eyes is the sight of Meno's asshole puckering open and closed.
Kohaku "Shllllllllllllrp! Shlrp! Slrp, lckkk! Mm, shlrp, ngh... mmm, mmmmmmm!"
Meno "Ahhhhhhhh! Hyah! M-My butt!? My butthole! My boy hole!"
Meno thrusts his hips up when he feels her sucking on his asshole, and he tries to escape her tongue.
However, Kohaku is gripping his dick tightly, not letting him get away.
Kohaku "Mmmm, now, Meno... Take my tongue in your ass... Mmm, fugh... ngh, mmm, mmmmmmmm!"
Meno "Eeeeeeeek! I feel it coming in! My butt! Your tongue is poking into my boy hole!"
Kohaku "Shlrp, mmm, mmm, mfff... Your butthole is tightening around my tongue... Mmm, ngh, mmmmmmmm!"
She sticks her tongue inside Meno's asshole, licking up and down his rectal walls.
The sensation causes his asshole to tighten as it tries to push her tongue out.
She pushes her tongue harder, fucking his asshole while bobbing her entire head.
Kohaku "Mmm, mmm, shlrp, mmmm! Slrp, slrp, slrrrrrrrrp!"
Meno "Gah! Sister! If you move your tongue that much... You're going to make my butthole feel much better than my peepee!"
Meno stomps and screams at the unbelievable pleasure he's feeling. His dick swells and trembles as if could burst at any moment.
Kohaku gets even more excited seeing her brother in such a state.
Her pussy is soaking wet, dripping down to cover her thighs.
Kohaku "Good, Meno...! I'm going to... cum with you! Shlrp, shlrrrrrrp, slrp, mmm, mmmmm, ngh, ngh, shlrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrp!"
Meno "Sister! Hyah!"
She tongue fucks Meno's asshole with wild abandon.
Her saliva drips down his asshole to his dick.
Her saliva mixes with his cum and precum, causing a sticky wet sound as she jacks him off.
Kohaku's head bobbing and her hand movements accelerate Meno's pleasure.
Kohaku "Mmm, shlrrrp... mm, pah... hah! Harder...? Slrrrrrrp, ngh, mmmmmmm!"
Meno "Hyah! I can't hold it anymore! You're making me cum from my ass! I'm cumming!"
Kohaku "Pah, ah, good, Meno... I want you to cum from having your asshole tongued! Mmmm, slrp, slrrrrp, lckkk, shlrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrp!"
Kohaku latches onto Meno's asshole and sticks her tongue deep inside when his asshole tightens.
Splrt! Splrrrrrrt! Splrt! Splrrrrrt! Splrrt!")
Meno "I'm cumming! Ahhhhhhh, you're making me cum from my butthole!"
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhh! Mmf, ngh, mmmmmmmmmm, mmmmmmmmmmmmmm, kffffffffffffffffffff!"
Her brother's asshole tightens around her tongue as if to bite it.
His dick flings up hard enough to shake her hand off as he pumps out a massive load of cum.
Kohaku edges closer to climaxing as she feels as though the heat in her hand is in her uterus as well.
Meno "Ahah! I'm cumming again! I cum a lot because it's my butthole!"
Splllllrrrrrrrt! Spllllllrrrrrrt, spllllllrrrrrrt!")
Kohaku "Hnghhhh! Meno! Ahhhhh, ah, I'm going to... cum toooooooooo! Nghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
He spews hot, white cum onto her hand like a geyser.
The heat on her hand scorches her uterus as her body shivers from an intense orgasm.
Kohaku "Hah, hah, hah... Meno..."
Meno "Afuh, ahah... Sister..."
After both climax, the siblings are breathing laboriously.
His dick is finally softening, perhaps satisfied after the fourth ejaculation.
Kohaku is filled with a feeling of achievement as well as longing.
Kohaku (Ah... Why is my body... Mmmm...)
Her body is hot after taking all that cum in her hands and being surrounded by its smell.
Her uterus is aching in pain.
Her pussy is sopping wet from her own juices, and she knows it's aching to be filled by a dick.
But of course, Meno would have no way of knowing this, and she can't have him find out.
Meno "Thank you, Sister. It doesn't hurt anymore."
Kohaku "I see. That's good then..."
Meno smiles at her innocently as his body still shakes from his series of orgasms.
Kohaku returns it with her own gentle smile.
However, her body is boiling hot, and her hand with some reluctance grips Meno's dick and gently jacks him off.
As she does, the cum left in his shaft comes oozing out.
Apparently, that was the last of it as Meno's dick slowly returns to its normal state in Kohaku's hand.
............
......
...
#04_koh007
Kohaku "............"
Kohaku watches Meno sleep as she listens to his quiet breathing.
The many thoughts in her head are keeping her up.
It's as if reality has become a dream.
Meno "Mm... Sister..."
Kohaku "......"
Meno squeezes Kohaku's hand.
Her body trembles as if something hot touched her.
Just when she thought the burning in her loins subsided, the fire is reignited.
Kohaku "Heh... To think even I would... become this way too..."
The mating urges grow stronger with each day.
Lately, even stroking Meno's head is enough to feel a twinge between her legs.
She wants to touch him more.
She wants to smell him more.
She wants to taste him more.
Kohaku has been driven to the point where she might sexually assault Meno if she's not vigilant.
Kohaku "I know that we have to get separate rooms, but...!"
She still hasn't been able to tell Derek.
There is a fear that when she's separated from Meno that she'll no longer be able to check on his safety.
However, Kohaku and Meno are already at the age where they need to be separated.
Still, Kohaku hasn't been able to initiate the process.
Kohaku "What is it... that I want to do...?"
At this rate, the urges will only grow stronger.
The only thing that's been stopping her is the incestuous taboo of it all.
However, who knows how long that will last.
Despite knowing that, she hasn't been able to bring herself to separate from Meno.
Another week passes.
Meno "Sister..."
That day, Meno is the one who comes in later after Derek ordered him to perform some chores.
He opens the door to the cell and enters, looking as if he's going to cry.
Before worry crosses her mind, his face causes a twinge in her chest.
That's because she can tell that he is experiencing another strong sexual urge.
Her heart throbs smelling Meno's male musk, and her uterus pulsates with heat, her pussy becoming wet reflexively.
She pushes all this down to give him a gentle smile as his sister.
Kohaku "You don't have to say it. It hurts, doesn't it? Just leave it to me."
Meno "I'm sorry, I'm always..."
Despite his apologetic feelings, there is a hint of joy in Meno's expression.
He hurriedly removes his loincloth and gets on all fours.
This isn't the first time.
These past few days, this has been happening as if it were all natural.
Kohaku "Mm... hahh..."
Meno's dick has swollen to a size far beyond a human adult's.
Precum oozes out of the tip, and the jail cell is filled with the musk of sex.
Kohaku "Okay, Meno. I'll make it all better now..."
Feeling the heat from his dick, Kohaku's own body temperature rises.
Kohaku is becoming self-aware of the woman inside of her being awakened as she reaches her hand out to Meno's dick.
After she has finished giving Meno his sexual release...
Kohaku lets out an anguished moan as she sits next to Meno who is quietly sleeping.
Kohaku "Mm, rrr... ngh...!"
Kohaku "Kah...!"
Kohaku lets out a gasp inside the jail cell.
Her tense body slowly relaxes.
Kohaku "Hah, hah, mm... hah... Ah, not again..."
Kohaku is overcome with fatigue and self-loathing after having finished masturbating.
It has been like this every day lately.
After giving Meno a hand job, she is unable to hold in her own urges. When Meno falls asleep, she masturbates while smelling his cum.
Kohaku "At this rate..."
The situation is so dangerous.
She can sense how much Meno wants her body.
Kohaku "But I suppose I feel the same..."
Kohaku remarks to herself.
Fully accepting that she is in heat, she can no longer deny that she wants Meno's body.
Despite it all, she still can't choose to separate herself from Meno.
Knowing full well that the more they resist, the deeper they sink into the mud.
Kohaku "Maybe I can escape this place with Meno..."
Even if that could happen, she doesn't know if she could then part ways with Meno.
Kohaku can't bring herself to think that. It's all too late.
Soldier "Hey, you've got another day of work. Come out already."
Kohaku "I know."
She gets up at the soldier's insistence.
Meno reaches out to try to stop her.
He gently grabs her sleeve, and she stops and turns.
She can see in Meno's eyes that he's already shaking from sexual arousal.
A foxfolk in heat doesn't want to have sex with just anyone.
They want to be with their chosen partner to the point where they hate to be separated.
Kohaku "Don't worry... I'll be back by tonight."
Meno "Okay... have a good day, Sister."
And so Meno sees Kohaku off while holding back his tears as she heads out to perform her sex work.
#04_koh008h_koh05
Kohaku (How do they come up with stuff like this...)
Kohaku lets out an exasperated sigh after being brought to her work site today.
The location is the Service Nation's slums.
It smells like sewage, and it's even more painful for Kohaku whose sense of smell is keener than any human's.
Kohaku finds herself there buried into a wall with her ass hanging out. Only the parts that shouldn't be exposed are.
Kohaku (It's better to just have to take it without having to do anything.)
She is just a meat hole today.
She doesn't need to entertain any visitors today. She just needs to be a hole for them to come and fuck.
However, it means she has been completely objectified, and her personhood fully stripped away.
It goes without saying that her dignity has been stripped before this.
Kohaku (However, this is just... Hm?)
Man A "Hey, what's this? There's a pretty nice hole today. Some husband punishing his wife or something?"
A man notices Kohaku's ass and walks over cheerfully.
Even though she can't see his face, she can imagine a smug little grin on his face.
Kohaku (Absolutely disgusting people...)
She lets out another exasperated sigh.
She would normally want to say something, but she's been instructed to keep quiet.
Man A "Hehehe, hold on. I'll stick my dick in you soon enough."
Kohaku "Ngh..."
The man slaps her ass, and she's unable to offer any resistance.
She's being completely toyed with, but there's nothing she can do about it.
She can detect the man dropping his pants, so she grits her teeth in preparation.
Kohaku "Hnnnnnnnnnnngh!? Ngh, kfuh... mffff!"
He inserts his dick inside without so much as a caress, and she fights back her screams.
It's not from pain.
It's actually from unbelievable pleasure.
It's a stranger's dick who only sees her as a hole, but the way he fucks her without mercy feels better than anything she's experienced so far.
Kohaku (W-What is this!? I feel dizzy from just the penetration...!)
Kohaku (I-Is this the price I'm paying for holding back while I was in heat!?)
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhhhh! Ooooof!"
The dick buries deep inside her, and she lifts her chin up and moans.
The man's dick is completely average.
Still, the walls of Kohaku's pussy hug the man's dick like a lover, guiding it deeper inside her.
Kohaku (Ah... It's hot...! This man's cock is... My body is so hot... Nghhhh!)
Man A "Oh, wow! This is the best pussy I've ever had!"
The man seems to sense their compatibility, and he lets out sounds of pleasure as he slams himself against her ass.
His dick quivers inside her pussy, and his tip pushes up into her womb.
Man A "Well, now. Your pussy is just dripping. It feels that good just from me putting it in? I guess I have to be a little more motivated!"
Kohaku "Mmhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!?"
There is a large smacking sound as the man ramps up the pace, pumping his hips in and out.
His hard, erect dick violently scrapes her pussy walls as it slides from the opening of her pussy to her womb.
Kohaku "Kah, ah, mm! T-This is... Agh... uhn... hah!"
Man A "Hahaha, how's that? My dick's pretty nice, right? The best dick you've ever had?"
Kohaku (Impossible! There is no way! Ahah, no! I don't think... this is the best at all... Kah!)
She desperately bites her tongue.
There is no way this stranger's penis is the best she's ever had.
Meno's is the best dick for Kohaku, nobody else's.
Kohaku (Huh...!? W-What!? What am I even thinking!? N-No! This is...!)
Kohaku "Kah!? Ahiii, eeeeek!"
Man A "Fuck, it's tight! You're gonna rip off my dick!"
The moment she imagines herself comforting Meno's giant dick, her body begins to burn up.
Her pussy squeezes the man's dick in place of Meno's, sucking him in.
Her womb drops down seeking the man's seed, sucking the tip of his dick right up to her cervix.
Man A "This is amazing... The best hole ever!"
Kohaku "Hagh, ahh! Ahhhhh, ah! Ah, agh, kah, hgh, khaah!"
Kohaku (What are these vulgar sounds I'm making? This man is but a stranger... Yet!)
She moans loudly, unable to hold back as the man ramps up the intensity.
The more he fucks her, the more she succumbs to the numbing pleasure, and she kicks at both the air and the wall.
Her pussy tightly squeezes the man's dick.
Man A "Gah! I can't hold on! I'm gonna cum!"
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhh! Ahyah, afah, ah, ah, aguuuuuuuuuuh!"
Kohaku (Ah, wait! If he cums now, I'm going to...!)
She is going to climax.
She fights to avoid such humiliation, but she cannot resist him as she's stuck inside the wall.
Moreover, her pussy is squeezing tightly around the man's dick, demanding his seed.
Man A "W-What is up with this pussy! Fuck! I'm cumming!"
Spllllrrrt! Bshhhh! Gshhhh!")
Kohaku "Mmhaaaaaaaaaah! Hgh, uhn, mm, ngh... kaaaaaah!"
She lets out a scream as hot, white cum pumps inside her.
She can clearly feel all of the sperm gushing out of the dick buried deep inside her.
Kohaku (Nghhhhhh! I don't want to orgasm from this... yet... Ah, I can't fight it...!)
Gshhhh! Gshhh! Gshhh!")
Kohaku "Mhaaaaaah! Ahhhhhhhh, hhhh, hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
The man's hips tremble, pumping more male juices inside.
The burning heat inside her womb causes Kohaku to climax.
Kohaku "Gah... hah, hah... hah..."
Man A "Fuck, that was awesome."
The man pulls out his dick, seemingly satisfied, and fondles Kohaku's ass.
Meanwhile, Kohaku breathes laboriously, not paying any mind to him.
She still feels the aftershocks of her orgasm, and her ass is also twitching as it hangs there.
The motion causes the man's cum to drip out of her pussy.
Kohaku (What a blunder... I didn't think my arousal would be this much.)
She didn't think her arousal was so high that she would react that way for somebody other than a foxfolk.
Not to mention her job today is to get fucked by men as a meat hole.
Kohaku (That was just the first one, and I'm already...!?)
Kohaku "Ngh! Fgh, nghhhhh!"
This time it's her asshole that burns up.
The next man has stuck his dick inside her ass.
Her small hole is forced open as the dick gets buried deeper inside.
Kohaku (Kfah, ah, ahhhhhh! W-Why...? Even in my butthole... I would feel so... Ngh, kfuh, aguh!)
Man B "Hehehe, just as I thought, you like it in the ass too, huh?"
The man seems to enjoy the tightness as he makes small motions, rubbing the inside of her asshole.
There is pain from the forced entry into her forbidden hole.
However, the more it gets fucked by the hard, hot dick, she feels a shiver creep up her spine.
Kohaku curls her toes to reject the sensation.
Kohaku (T-This isn't possible... How could I feel this excited by a human? And in my unclean hole...! Ngh, mmm, hah, ah, no...!)
Kohaku "Nghhhh, khnghhhh, mmm! Ungh, nghhh, khhh... khhhhh!"
The man slowly builds his pace.
When he buries his entire dick inside her, there's a pain that feels like it's reaching up to her chest.
She bends backward, and he pulls his dick out of her.
The pain gives way to a sense of relief, and there's an aching twinge she feels caused by the hot friction against her rectal walls.
Kohaku (No, no, no, ngh! Afuuuh... I... I'm not enjoying this at all... Nghhh!)
Her body is more susceptible to pleasure. It is futile to resist her natural urges.
However, being in heat is for reproduction.
Being intoxicated by pleasure from her ass and not her pussy should not be happening.
Especially since this man is human and not a foxfolk.
However, her stretched and stuffed asshole disregards her feelings and grabs hold of his dick.
Kohaku (Ngh... I do not want this at all! Ahh, soon I'll know the shape and size of this man's member as well! Ah!)
Man B "Oh? This bitch's ass is premium! Hahaha!"
The man laughs as his body shakes with pleasure, his dick being milked down to the hilt.
It doesn't take long for him to edge closer to climaxing.
Man B "Hehehe, if you like it so much, I'll fill your ass up with my dick juice!"
Kohaku "Nghhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh! Ah, ah! It's so deep! Kaaaaaaaah!"
The man violently fucks her asshole and knocks on her uterus through the walls of her intestines.
Just then, she's filled with a numbing pleasure.
The more he pokes at her intestines, her asshole and womb ache with a smoldering heat, and her body is overcome with a feeling of pleasure.
Her pussy begins to convulse as if to say that it wants attention as well. Her asshole squeezes more tightly as if to say it wants to be fucked harder.
Man B "Ngh! What a slutty little asshole! You want my cum that much!?"
Kohaku "Hyah! Fah, ah, nghh... Guff! Ah, ahh! Hhhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku (I don't want it... I don't want it, but...! Ah, my asshole! It aches so much!)
She moans as he fucks her.
Hearing the word cum causes her womb to ache and contract.
Her asshole gets hotter as she sucks in and milks the dick pumping inside her.
Man B "Oh, yeah! Your asshole is sucking me in! I'll give it to you then!"
Kohaku "Ah, aghhhhh, kaaah! Ah, ahhhhhhhh, hyah! Angh, mm, mm, mm, mm, nghhh!"
The man ramps up his speed as he prepares to cum.
As she squeals and moans, she can feel the man's dick getting bigger.
Splllllrrrrt, spllllrrrt, spllllrrrt!")
Kohaku "Nghaaaaaaaaaaah! Agh, ahah, haaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Hot cum pumps up inside her rectum.
Simultaneously, Kohaku bounces her ass up as she orgasms, squirting pussy juices all over.
Kohaku (Ah, not again... I'm cumming again... Haaaaaaah! I don't want to cum. Especially not from my asshole!)
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Khhhhhh, hhhh, hghhh... kfh, uhhhhhhhhhh!"
The man coats her intestines with his cum, and Kohaku can hear him climax from the other side of the wall.
Man B "Phew, today's hole was a huge jackpot!"
The man lets out a satisfied sigh as he pulls his dick out and slaps Kohaku on the ass.
Kohaku "Kah! Mm, ngh..."
Man B "That was great. I've never had a better ass. I'll be sure to come by next time too!"
The man skips away merrily.
Meanwhile, Kohaku's body trembles as she is still stuck inside the wall.
Kohaku (Why...? I haven't had enough... Even though I just orgasmed twice... Do my urges need even more than this?)
Man C "Well, if it's as good as you say it is, let me give it a spin."
Kohaku "Ngh, mm, hah..."
Before Kohaku has a chance to collect her thoughts, the next man is touching her ass.
Her ass shakes in anticipation at just the mere touch.
And so a whole day passes, and another half day as the sun begins to sink.
Kohaku "Ngh... ngh..."
Kohaku groans as her body is still buried in the wall.
After being raped by dozens of men, her ass is completely covered with cum.
Her last visitor just left moments ago, and Kohaku is finally able to rest her body.
Kohaku (They used me... to their heart's content...)
She looks up at the ceiling. Her eyes are weary.
However, thanks to the never-ending parade of men, the burning fire of lust within her loins has finally been put out.
Kohaku (How sinful...)
Despite her being in heat, she can only laugh at herself in shame for her despicable behavior.
Just then, she hears footsteps coming towards her.
Meno "Wow, look at that. This hole was used so much..."
Kohaku (What!? That voice, it can't be!)
Her body shivers as if facing a mortal enemy when she hears his voice.
She may be exhausted and tired, but the voice she heard beyond the wall is unmistakable.
Kohaku (Meno!? Why is he here!?)
Meno "Okay, time to clean up."
Kohaku "Hhhhhh!? Hah, hngh...!?"
Something soft and warm is pressed against her ass.
The moment she realizes it's Meno's tongue, the once-smoldering fire inside her is set ablaze again in an instant.
Kohaku (W-What!? He can't be...!? Ah...)
Meno "Mm, lckkk, lckkk..."
Kohaku "Khh...! Khh...!"
Meno's small and adorable tongue is licking off the cum covering her ass.
The sensation causes the hair on her entire body to stand on end.
Kohaku (Stop that, Meno! If you do that... I'm going to...!)
She wants to tell him out loud, but she can't have him realize it's her.
Kohaku has to hold it in and stop herself from making any sounds as Meno continues to lick the cum off of her.
Kohaku "Ngh, kfff...!"
Meno's tongue caresses Kohaku's plump ass from the bottom to the top.
She feels a sensation shoot down her spine, and it makes her loins hot.
Her ass trembles, and her pussy and asshole begin to pucker.
With an audible glug, white cum drips out of her two holes.
Meno "Haha, it's okay. Once I get the outside clean, I'll clean you up inside as well. Lckkk, lckkk..."
Kohaku "Heee, hah, haff... mm..."
Meno licks and swallows the cum covering Kohaku without objection.
She knows she should be stopping him from doing this, but she can't fight her desire for him to lick her some more.
Kohaku (Has Meno been forced to do this kind of work the whole time?)
As far as she heard, he was doing chores around the castle.
To think, this is the kind of work it was.
Kohaku (Ah, no! I'm going to... My womb is aching again... My body... Ngh!)
Her hatred of Derek grows stronger.
Yet, her body is becoming hotter with pleasure.
Her ass sways naturally as if it is seeking Meno's tongue, and he obliges.
Kohaku "Mffffff, ngh, ngh, kffffff!"
Meno "Yes, I know. I'll clean up your asshole as well. Lckkk, lckk, lckkk, mm, mmmm!"
Kohaku "Hngh... kff, ngh, mm, mmmmmm!"
Meno's sweet tongue pushes inside her asshole. It is gaping after being raped by dozens of men.
His tongue first wipes away the cum sticking to her asshole. Next, he stretches out the tip to lick up all the cum left between the folds.
And finally, he sticks his tongue in her asshole and licks up all the cum stuck inside.
Meno "Mm, lck, lck... muah, shlrp... mm, hahh... This asshole is amazing... Lck, lck, muah..."
Kohaku (Ngh... hahh, uh... Why am I...!? I have to endure it... Meno is innocent... Ngh...!)
Meno "Okay, that looks pretty clean."
Meno speaks with a tone of satisfaction, oblivious to Kohaku's suffering.
He is simply admiring the good work he's done.
Meno "Okay, then. Next..."
Meno "Shlrp, slrrrrrrrrrp!"
Kohaku "Hngh!? Mmmmmmm!"
Kohaku frantically holds in her moans.
Her beloved brother presses his tongue against her pussy and started slurping.
The sensation of his tongue against her pussy lips feels so good she could melt.
Kohaku (Ah, I can't hold it in! I have to stop him now, but... Ahhhh!)
Meno "Wow, this pussy is full of dick juice. I'll do my best to suck it all up... Shlrrrrp, muah... slrrrp, slrrrp!"
Kohaku "Ngh, ngh... ghh, gffffffffffff!"
He sucks on her pussy and slurps up the cum inside her.
An overwhelming sensation of pleasure comes over her.
Kohaku (Ngh, ohhhhhhh! This... this feels... so good... Mmmmm!)
Meno "Mm, mm, mmmm... Wow, this pussy is squeezing around my tongue... Lckkk, mm, shlrp..."
Kohaku "Fgh... gmmmmmmmmmm!"
Meno's tongue finally wriggles into her pussy.
He starts licking up and cleaning the cum inside her pussy like a cat drinking water.
Kohaku "Ah, agh... ghhhhhh!"
Kohaku starts flailing and kicking the wall, her back arching back.
However, being stuck inside the wall like this, the motion only sticks her ass out toward Meno even more.
Meno "Mm, it's okay... I'll clean your pussy up thoroughly... Lckkk, lckk, lckkk!"
Kohaku "Mm... hhh... eek, eeek!"
Meno's tongue carefully licks up her pussy walls. They're sore from being continually raped.
He licks up the cum stuck between the folds of her pussy and carefully cleans deep inside her.
Kohaku's pussy subconsciously squeezes around Meno's probing tongue.
Meno "Ah, this pussy is really amazing... It's wriggling around... Slrrrp... I bet it would feel good to put a dick inside."
Kohaku (M-Meno!?)
Her heart skips a beat from what she hears from the other side of the wall.
Simultaneously, everything she's been desperately holding in is about to come flooding out.
Kohaku (Meno's peepee... His penis... His dick...)
Kohaku (No, don't think about it! There will be no more... No more...!)
Kohaku "Mmah!?"
Kohaku "Hah, hah, hah... mm, hah, haff..."
Meno's tongue suddenly is pulled out as the heat inside her body is really ramping up.
She should be happy about this.
She should be grateful that Meno wouldn't have to be licking on her privates any longer.
However...
Kohaku (Ah... My body... My womb feels so sad. I can't take it...!)
Her pussy feels like it's been only teased after he has licked it.
Her pussy and womb are aching, and she can't hold it in.
This itching sensation emanates from her womb to her entire body, and Kohaku writhes while she breathes laboriously.
She tightly clenches her fists and rubs her toes together, but there is no effect.
Kohaku "Hah, mm, haw... ngh, kfffff..."
However, she can't very well give in to her carnal desires, so she tenses up her body to resist this urge that feels like a million ants crawling under her skin.
However...
Kohaku "Hyah!? Ah, aff, ahah...!?"
Meno "Ngh... Ah, wow... Her pussy is sucking me in..."
She feels a heat like a burning rod of iron has been placed against her groin, and she flinches.
Her suspicions are immediately confirmed.
Kohaku (Meno's... Meno's dick is... in my...!)
This isn't the abnormally erect penis caused by being in heat.
Still, the age-appropriately hard and hot object almost causes Kohaku's heart to burst.
Kohaku (Meno... Meno... You're actually!)
She only needs to say the words to stop him.
However, as she sits there unable to say them, she hears something she never expected to.
Meno "Sister... Ah, Sister..."
Kohaku "Khh...!?"
Kohaku (Meno!? Does he actually realize it's me!?)
Meno "If only this ass were my sister's... Ah, I..."
Meno talks to himself as he pumps his hips back and forth.
Their genitals begin to make a wet, sticky sound.
It's not from the leftover cum inside Kohaku, it's from Kohaku's own pussy juices.
Kohaku (Ah, Meno... We're brother and sister... Ngh!)
Her pussy is being rubbed hard.
Her back arches back like a bow, and Kohaku can hear Meno's labored breathing.
Filled with nervousness, Kohaku swallows down her spit.
Kohaku "..............................."
Meno "Mm, ngh! It's in!"
She feels a burning in her pussy as her whole body convulses.
She can feel Meno's dick inside her pussy.
That is enough to send melting waves of pleasure over Kohaku's body.
Meno "Ah... This pussy is amazing!"
Meno raises his voice in joy from the other side of the wall.
Kohaku's pussy is gripping his dick that's been pushed down to its hilt.
Kohaku "Khh...! Khh...!"
Meno "Hah, ah, I've never had a pussy this good...! It's like it's e-eating my dick! I can't...!"
Kohaku "Kffffffff! Ungh, uhn, uhn, mmmmmmmmmmuh!"
Meno's dick thrusts in and out of her pussy.
The pleasure is numbing.
A feeling of fullness overcomes her. She is in immense joy after finally being united with the man she's destined for.
Kohaku (Meno... Meno's dick is inside me!)
Meno "Ah, mm, ah, hah... It feels so good, I can't stop my hips...! My dick feels so good!"
Meno thrusts his hips, fucking her with his dick while letting out sweet moans.
Kohaku's pussy is dripping with juices again, welcoming Meno's dick.
Kohaku (It's hitting deep inside me... Meno's hard dick... His big, hard dick!)
Kohaku (Ah, my pussy is changing... My pussy is changing shape to match Meno's hard dick!)
She can't have Meno find out it's her.
She uses what rational senses she has left to hold in her voice, but she is becoming more and more intoxicated by Meno's dick.
Her pussy squeezes in waves as if chewing on his dick.
Meno "Hyah, this is... a-amazing! The pussy is chewing on me! I'm gonna cum!"
Kohaku "Khh...!?"
Kohaku (Meno is going to cum? He's going to cum inside me!? Ah, ahh... That's... That's!)
She feels Meno's excitement building, causing hers to as well.
Her pussy becomes tighter, squeezing his dick even more.
Meno "Hah, ah, I'm going to cum! My dick juice is going to shoot into her pussy!"
Kohaku "Khghn! Hngh! Khah!"
Meno's movements intensify, and he fucks her pussy hard.
Her tight pussy and the engorged head of his dick rub against each other, and his dick knocks at the door of her womb.
Kohaku (Ah, no...! I'm going to...!)
Pleasure suddenly overcomes Kohaku as well.
Kohaku no longer has any thoughts to hold it in anymore.
Kohaku (Ah, good, Meno...! I want you to fill me up with your seed!)
Meno "Ah, I'm going to cum! I'm cumming! My dick is cumming!"
Kohaku (Khah, aff, ahhh! Hurry! Ah, hurry up and cum! Put your dick juice inside me!)
Kohaku tightens her pussy as if to milk the cum out of Meno herself.
Splrrrrrt! Splrrrrrrrrrrt! Splrrrrrrt! Splrrt!")
Meno "Hyaaaaaaaah! I'm cumming! Sister, I'm cumming from my dick!"
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhhhhh! Hhhhhhh! Hyaaaaaaaah! Agh, ah, ah, ah... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Meno's hot cum sets her pussy, womb, and body ablaze.
The way his dick pulsates as it fills her with cum is endearing.
Kohaku (Ahhhhhhhh! Meno, I'm... I'm cumming too!)
Kohaku flails her bound limbs as she seeks out Meno.
All she wants to do is hug him.
As the current circumstances deny her that, she tightly squeezes Meno with her pussy, the only way she's allowed to touch him.
Meno "Ah, I'm cumming again! I'm cumming again!"
Splrrrt! Splrrt! Shplrrrrrrrrt!")
Kohaku "Kfffffffffff! Oof, fghhhhhh, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku lets out a beastly scream as she's overcome with intense pleasure.
A warm feeling fills her from her fingertips to her toes.
Kohaku is experiencing a joyous climax.
However, that would not be the end of it.
Kohaku "Kaaaaah!? Hehhhhhh, eeeeeeeeeeeek! Mm, ngh, ohhhhhhhhhhh!"
Having just finished cumming, his dick is poking at her cervix.
Meno lets out a painful moan but shows no signs of stopping his thrusting.
He breathes laboriously as he becomes hypnotized by the sensation.
Meno "Ah, Sister...! I'm sorry, your pussy is so good, my dick hasn't had enough!"
Kohaku "Khh...!?"
Meno's words cause all the hair on her body to stand up.
Her heart is bursting through her chest as her body tenses up. Naturally, her pussy tightens as well almost as if to crush his dick.
Meno "Nghhhhhhhhh! I-It's so tight all of a sudden... Mmmmm!"
Kohaku "Hah, hah, hah, hah, haff, fuh..."
Kohaku comes back to her senses as she hears Meno moaning.
She thought he found out her identity, but that doesn't seem to be the case.
Meno is simply imagining this meat hole to be his sister's.
Kohaku pants as she consciously relaxes her body and releases Meno's dick from her pussy's tight grasp.
Meanwhile, Kohaku finally realizes her own feelings.
Kohaku (Meno... Ah, Meno...! I wish you would see me as...!)
She wants him to see her as herself, not as this meat hole.
Kohaku has come to this realization.
Of course, there is no way she could say it here.
Kohaku (Meno... At least use this hole and think of me... Please!)
Meno "Ah... Ah, Sister, it's squeezing me again...!?"
Kohaku gently wraps herself around Meno's dick and lovingly milks him.
This is the most she can do for her brother at this time.
As if to reciprocate her feelings, Meno begins to thrust his hips again.
Kohaku "Kah, agh, ngh! Uhn, uhn, ah! Ahhhhhhhhh!"
Meno "Hah, ah, ngh, uh, ah, hah, ah, ahhhhhhhh!"
Brother and sister, their moans of ecstasy mix together.
Covered with pussy juice and cum, their genitals make a vulgar smacking sound.
Only a few moments after orgasming, their bodies are ablaze, and they feel a deep swelling building inside themselves.
Kohaku (Fghhhhhhh! Uck, kuh... My womb... It's reaching my womb! It's being pushed up!)
Kohaku's pussy and womb have shifted positions to fully conform to Meno's dick.
Kohaku drowns in pleasure as her hole transforms into something just for Meno.
Kohaku (Ah, harder... Stick your dick deep inside my pussy! Dominate me with your dick!)
Meno "Ah, ahhh! Sister, I'm going to cum again! I'm going to fill your pussy up with cum!"
Meno edges closer to climaxing as if he can hear the voice inside Kohaku's heart.
Meno's slender body convulses as he buries his dick inside Kohaku's pussy.
Kohaku (Hah, ah, cum for me, Meno! F-Fill me up with your sweet cum again!)
Meno "I'm cumming! Ah, I'm cumming...! My dick can't take it anymore!"
Kohaku (Cum for me! My brother's cum! Fill your sister's pussy up with it!)
She screams her carnal desires with her inner voice and tightens her grip around Meno's dick.
Spllllrt! Spllllrt, spllrt, shplrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt!")
Meno "I'm cumming! Ah, ah, ahhhhh, ahhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Guuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh! Oooof, fghhhhhhhhhh!"
Feeling Meno's cum inside her pussy, Kohaku's body trembles.
Her mind goes blank, and she has trouble forming any thoughts.
The pleasure spreading throughout her body can't be described in words, pushing Kohaku into a state of ecstasy.
Kohaku (It's coming inside me! Meno's cum... His dick juice is flowing into me!)
Kohaku (Fresh, sticky, hot man seed! All to impregnate me! Meno's seed!)
Kohaku (Ahh, mooore! Give me more of your seeeeeeeed!)
Her pussy pulsates as if it's gulping up the cum, massaging his dick as it's still cumming.
Meno "Ahhhhhhhh! I'm cumming again because your pussy is squeezing me, Sister!"
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Meno "Ahhhhhhhhhhh! My dick juice won't stoooooooooop!"
Kohaku (Fohhhhhh, oh, ohhhhhhhhhh! I'm cumming! I'm cummiiiiiiiiiiing! I'm cumming while Meno is filling me with his seeeeeeeeeeeed... I'm cuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing!)
A wave of pleasure so immense it would burn away any rational thinking gushes out of her womb and spreads over her body.
Kohaku forgets everything else as she simply drowns in the pleasure Meno is giving her.
Kohaku "Ah... ah..."
Having experienced a magnificent orgasm, her body has gone numb.
Everything from her hair to her fingertips is tingling, and it feels like this isn't even her own body.
Meno's dick is still plunged inside her pussy.
Meno "Hah... Sister... That was amazing..."
Kohaku "Ah..."
Meno slumps over her, putting all his weight on Kohaku.
It pains her not to hug him in that moment.
No... what pains her is that she can't tell him this hole is her.
Kohaku (Ah... I... I... I...)
The taboo of incest is keeping her mouth shut.
However...
Is this feeling of happiness really something that needs to be rejected?")
Kohaku grips Meno's half-hard dick with her pussy while pondering the answer.
............
......
...
#04_koh009
Meno leaves after he finished cleaning Kohaku up.
Kohaku is finally released, and she drags her body back to her prison cell. It is heavy with exhaustion.
Kohaku (Meno is in here...)
Her hands shake nervously from just the thought, and she feels an ache in her loins.
Kohaku shakes her head and pushes the thoughts out. She collects herself before she walks through the prison door.
Kohaku "M-Meno, I-I'm back..."
She tries to put on a smile, but something feels too forced.
However, thankfully, Meno doesn't seem to notice at all.
Meno "Welcome back, Sister!"
Meno welcomes her with a cheerful smile.
His smile would usually heal her weary soul.
However, it could not ease the weight on her heart today.
Kohaku (After that intense session I had with Meno today...)
She knows she shouldn't think about it, but the moment she sees him, hears his voice, and smells his scent, it's all she can think about.
She can imagine the heat and hardness of his dick and the intensity of his ejaculation in her pussy.
Her womb aches, begging to experience that pleasure again.
Kohaku (Nghhh! I know I am in heat, but I am beyond help...!)
Kohaku scolds herself and grits her teeth to abate the waves of heat coming over her.
Kohaku manages to maintain her smile, and Meno talks to her with a smile like nothing has changed.
Meno "You must be tired, Sister. I was worried since you didn't come home yesterday."
Kohaku "Yes. I'm sorry..."
Kohaku remains tense as she keeps smiling, caressing Meno's head to let him know it's all okay now.
Meno laughs as if it tickled him.
Kohaku "What about you? Anything different on your end?"
Kohaku's heart skips a beat as she asks.
What will she do after hearing his answer? What kind of answer is she hoping for?")
Not even Kohaku knows, but she has already asked him.
Meno answers her innocently.
Meno "My job today was to clean a wall hole."
Meno "Oh, do you know what a wall hole is? It's when a woman is restrained... like this so only her butt is hanging out."
Meno "Then anyone can use those two holes as they please. It's a great way for quick intercourse."
Kohaku "I see."
Kohaku's heart sinks as she hears his explanation.
His worldview is quickly turning to match the Service Nation's.
The way he has no problem objectifying women as merely holes is proof of that.
Kohaku (This is all my fault.)
Meno continues as Kohaku wallows in her regret.
Meno "And so when I was cleaning one of these wall holes... Well, there was this one particular hole that seemed very good, so I took it for a spin."
Meno "I'm not really supposed to do that, but I couldn't help myself."
Meno "But when I did, it was really great! I've never used a hole like that before!"
Kohaku "I... I see..."
Kohaku smiles with a hint of sadness as Meno excitedly recounts his day.
She's happy at being complimented, but she's sad at being called a hole.
She wants to tell him that hole was her. But of course, she can't do that.
Meno continues on with an excuse as Kohaku lets out a troubled sigh.
Meno "Oh, I'm sorry. We're taught to call it a hole when it's a wall hole. Normally, I call it a pussy like you're supposed to."
Kohaku "Oh, I see."
That twisted logic is further proof of his indoctrination.
Kohaku manages to stop herself from sighing again.
Meno "Anyway, that wall hole pussy felt really good! It was really the best!"
Meno "Oh...!"
Meno suddenly gasps and puts his hands on his groin.
Kohaku glances down.
Already knowing what his predicament is, Kohaku purposefully asks Meno anyway.
Kohaku "What's wrong?"
Meno "Oh, uh... Well, since I already came a lot with that great hole today, I thought I'd be okay, but..."
Kohaku "You're not okay?"
Meno "Just remembering it and also seeing you... well..."
Meno blushes.
There is a thick male musk coming from his groin.
Kohaku (I'm not the only one who's not okay.)
Kohaku mockingly says to herself.
Despite how much she orgasmed while being fucked by Meno, her womb begins to twinge again.
Her loins reignite, and she's afraid the slightest movement would betray her with a sticky, smacking sound.
Not to use that as an excuse, but Kohaku gets down on her knees and gives Meno a faint smile.
Kohaku "Don't worry, I'll milk you today too. Now, come here."
Meno "Thank you, Sister..."
Meno gives her a bashful smile and removes his loincloth.
Kohaku "............"
Sometime later...
Meno is sleeping soundly next to Kohaku.
However, Kohaku is in no position to sleep soundly herself.
Kohaku "Meno's smell..."
The smell of Meno's cum lingers on her hand.
It's not just his smell. The heat, the shape, the sensation, all of it is burned into her memory.
That is pushing Kohaku's urges to be even stronger.
Kohaku "Fgh... nnnnngh... I want it... Ah, Meno... Ngh...!"
Her womb pulsates as it aches.
Her loins are burning hot.
Kohaku (Meno... if I can have intercourse with Meno again... how good it would feel...!)
Just smelling Meno's body odor as he sleeps next to her is enough to make her lose rationality.
She knows in her head she mustn't do it, but the desire in her chest cannot be quelled.
She can no longer pretend to ignore the heat she feels coursing through her body.
Just picturing her having intercourse with Meno drives her hands down her body as she begins to masturbate.
Kohaku "Ah...!"
She fondles her breasts and slides her finger down to her pussy.
Even though she knows it's wrong, she can no longer stop herself.
Kohaku masturbates as she imagines being fucked by Meno.
The next day...
Soldier "Hey, time for work."
The soldier comes to get Kohaku as usual.
Kohaku nods and walks towards him, leaving Meno behind.
Then the soldier grins.
Soldier "Your brother's coming with you today."
Kohaku "W-What?!"
Kohaku immediately drops back to shield Meno.
However, Meno just pulls on Kohaku's clothing.
Meno "Sister, I'll be okay. Actually, I would prefer being with you."
Kohaku "What...!? B-But..."
Meno gives her his usual, carefree smile.
However, Kohaku can't simply accept this. With what her work entails...
Meno smiles softly and shakes his head reassuringly.
Meno "I know what your work is."
Kohaku "Khh...!?"
Meno "I mean, I was serving her majesty Ladomira after all."
Kohaku "But...! That's...!"
Kohaku has put her body on the line to save him from his imprisonment.
As the words fail Kohaku, Meno puts his small, gentle hand on hers.
Meno "I would rather be with you... Is that not okay?"
Kohaku "M-Meno...!"
Kohaku bites her lips so hard she draws blood.
She knows that she needs to immediately say no.
However, Kohaku happened to imagine it.
Imagined herself doing her obscene work alongside Meno.
And she actually feels anticipation.
That she might be able to... have relations with Meno again...
#04_koh010h_koh06
Kohaku "Ngh... This is... Ah... Meno..."
Meno "Afuh... ngh, Sister..."
It is a bizarre sight.
There are four participants in the act.
Kohaku, Meno, the male Service Nation noble who bought their services, and his younger sister.
Naked, Kohaku and the noblewoman are laying on the bed in the sixty-nine position.
The nobleman is about to stick his dick inside Kohaku while Meno is about to stick his into the noblewoman's.
Noble Older Brother "They were not lying about these salacious siblings."
Noble Little Sister "No, they weren't... The sister's pussy became wet not because of my petting, but because she saw her brother's dick."
Kohaku "I would never... Mm, ngh, fuuh...!"
As Kohaku begins to protest, the woman sticks her willowy finger inside her pussy.
She lightly scratches the ceiling of her pussy hole, and she feels herself trembling involuntarily.
Meno "Hah, hah, my dick... I'm already..."
Kohaku (Ah, Meno's grown so big already...)
Kohaku lets out a yearning sigh, and Meno's dick trembles when her breath hits him, precum oozing out of the tip.
The veins pop out on his dick, pulsating and yearning for pleasure.
Noble Older Brother "It looks like the boy is already at his limit."
Noble Little Sister "Hehehe, he's rumored to be her majesty Ladomira's toy."
The siblings laugh.
The sister adjusts her hips and brings Meno's dick closer to her slit.
Meno "Mm, ah... My dick feels so good! Ah, I want to move...!"
Noble Little Sister "Hehe, how adorable... What if I do this?"
Meno "Ah, ah... If you do that, I'll want to put it in..."
Her slit parts like lips and caresses up and down the underside of Meno's dick.
As the nobleman's sister moves her hips, a wet sound emanates from their nether regions.
As Meno's excitement builds, his dick shivers uncomfortably. He pushes forward to rub his cock all over her slit.
Kohaku witnesses all this just inches from her face.
Kohaku "Hah, mm, ah, Meno... Ngh..."
As she stares intently at his dick, warm droplets drip down, landing on her mouth.
Kohaku finds herself licking up the mixture of the noblewoman's pussy juices and Meno's precum.
That alone is enough to light her loins on fire.
Kohaku (Even though I'm right here... Meno's...! Ah, I want Meno's dick so badly...!)
Noble Older Brother "Hehehehe, it looks like the sister's at her limit as well."
Kohaku "Fah!? Mm, ah, ah, it's so hot...!"
She lets out a moan of bewilderment and pleasure as the nobleman rubs his dick on her.
As the men begin to move, wet sounds begin to emanate from Kohaku's pussy as well.
Kohaku (Ah, Meno... Meno's dick is rubbing my pussy... Mmmmmm!)
Meno's dick is rubbing against the noblewoman's pussy so intensely in front of her eyes that it makes a loud noise.
The movement overlaps with the nobleman's movements against her own slit, and she begins to feel that it's Meno's dick.
Noble Older Brother "You want my dick that badly?"
Kohaku "I want it... I want your dick...!"
Meno "Sister..."
She answers the nobleman reflexively.
As she does, Meno looks down at her as if he's going to cry.
Kohaku (Ah, I'm sorry... What I really want is your dick... only your dick, Meno...!)
Kohaku's chest contracts at the sadness she feels over not being able to say it aloud.
Noble Little Sister "Hehehe, what about you? Are you satisfied with just rubbing up against my pussy?"
Meno "Kah, ah...! I want to put it in! Please let me put my dick inside your pussy, miss!"
The sister brings her slit up to him and rapidly grinds her slit against him with a sticky, smacking sound.
Meno sounds like he's about to cry as he begs her to let him penetrate her as he feels her pussy against him.
Kohaku's heart throbs at the sight of it all.
Kohaku (My pussy is right here... How could you put it inside another woman, Meno... Nghhh...!)
The foxfolk's urge to be with their mate comes to a boil.
Noble Older Brother "Now that you've asked, I suppose I can give you my dick now."
Noble Little Sister "Hehehe, yes. As a reward for begging, I'll eat your dick with my wet pussy."
The siblings have the same sadistic smiles on their faces.
Kohaku "Hah, ah, ah, agh... gaaaaaaaaah! Ahhh, your dick feels so good! Eeeeek!"
Meno "Mmmmmmmmm, ahhhhhhhhh! Miss, your pussy is so hot!"
Kohaku and Meno both moan at the same time.
Meno's dick gets swallowed by the woman's pussy right in front of Kohaku's eyes.
She feels intense pain in her heart as if she's been horribly betrayed.
Despite that, she feels a passionate pleasure as if it's her brother's dick inside her. Of course, it's actually the nobleman's dick fucking her.
Kohaku "Hah, ah, ah, ahhhh! Meno...!"
Kohaku tenses her loins in an attempt to feel Meno's dick better, tightening her pussy.
But the one who moans in response is of course the nobleman.
Noble Older Brother "Ngh... That's tight...! This was a good purchase... I'd say!"
Noble Little Sister "Afuh... This boy's so hard for having a child's dick...! Ah... He's thrusting so diligently... It's cute... Ah, ahhh!"
The nobleman's sister moans, and her cheeks are flush.
She's gripping Meno's dick while her whole body trembles.
Meno "Ngh, ah... It feels so good! Miss, your pussy is so tight!"
Noble Little Sister "Ah, ah... You're so good... Mfffff! Yes, right there! Ah, your dick is inside me... Ah, it's fucking my pussy!"
The noblewoman talks dirty as she indulges in her pleasure.
Meno grips the woman's slender waist and focuses on thrusting.
Meno's hard dick fucks the woman's pussy as it makes sickening, wet-smacking noises.
Each time, her pussy juices drip down on Kohaku's face like rain droplets.
Kohaku "Fgh, ngh, Meno... Meno! My pussy... My pussy is also...!"
Kohaku twists her body as feelings of jealousy consume her at seeing her brother fucking another woman in front of her.
As a result, her pussy tightens, gripping the man's dick more intensely.
Noble Older Brother "Ngh... It's tightened again...!"
Noble Little Sister "Hehehe, oh, dear brother... Mm, ah, then perhaps... I'll give you some help."
Kohaku "Fah, ah, ahhhhhhhhhh!? Y-Your tongue... it's in... Mffffffff!"
The woman spreads Kohaku's pussy open with her hands and swirls the tip of her tongue around Kohaku's clit.
The sharp, sudden sensation causes Kohaku's back to buckle.
The woman has Kohaku pinned from above as she licks Kohaku's clit.
Kohaku "Mmmm! Not there... It's... If you do that... it feels so good... Ah, ahhhhhhh!"
Kohaku grips the sheets as her clit is being sucked and played with.
Her heels dig into the bed, and she bucks so hard she almost throws the woman off.
The nobleman grips her by the hips and buries his dick deep inside her.
Kohaku "Ahhhh, ahh, it's so deep! Eeeek! It's so deep... I can feel it deep inside me!"
Noble Little Sister "Come on, it doesn't seem fair that you get to have all the fun."
Kohaku "Ah, ah, nghhhhhh!"
The woman whispers in Kohaku's ears as she continues to play with her clit.
She quickly understands what she has to do.
Kohaku "Lckkk, muah... ngh, lckkk, lckkkkk... hnnn!"
Meno "Hyah!? S-Sister! If you lick my dick while I'm inside her pussy, I'll..."
Kohaku licks Meno as he fucks the noblewoman.
Her tongue expertly navigates under his dick, sending waves of pleasure over him.
Meno "Hah, ah, ah... My dick... hyah... it's going to melt!"
Noble Little Sister "Ah... mm, mmm! Ah, it's so good... Fuck me harder! Agh... mm... lckk, lckk, muah!"
Kohaku "Eeeek! Ah, agh... ah! Afh, mm, lckk, lckkk, Meno's dick... Mm, lckkk, muah, muah..."
Meno "Ah, Sister... lick me more! I like being licked while I'm fucking her pussy!"
Meno's whole body is trembling as he fucks the woman while Kohaku licks his dick.
The woman is enjoying Meno's dick deep inside her as she continues to lick Kohaku's clit.
The waves of pleasure also reach the nobleman.
The man grits his teeth as Kohaku's pussy grips tightly around his dick. In return, he aims at her cervix as he thrusts deep into her.
Kohaku "Oh, oh... This feels too good! Ah, ahhhhh, I'm going to cum!"
Meno "Ahhhhhh, Sister! I'm going to cum tooooooo!"
Noble Little Sister "Ahh, yes, cum for me! Cum inside my pussy! Ahhhhh, give me your dick juice!"
Meno "Ah, okay, okay, okaaaaaay! I'm going to cum! I'm going to pump my dick juice inside your pussy!"
Meno is almost crying from pleasure as he continues humping.
The woman's slit wriggles as if it's alive, chewing on his dick.
She drips her juices all over Kohaku's face.
Kohaku "Kfff, uhah! Ah, Meno! I'm going to cum, Meno! Cum with me! Ahhhhhhh!"
Meno "Yes, okay! Ah, Sister! I'm going to cum too!"
Kohaku and Meno announce their impending climax as if their bodies are entwined with one another.
The nobleman begins pumping harder as if to interrupt them.
Noble Older Brother "Ngh, I'm going to... cum too!"
Kohaku "Mfffff, ah, ngh, ahh! Your dick is amazing! Ah, it's fucking me so hard! Ahhh!"
Noble Little Sister "Ahhh! Yes! I'm going to cum soon! Cum for me! Hurry! Cum inside my pussy!"
Meno "I'm cumming! I'm going to cum inside you!"
Meno screams out. His face is close to tears as he plunges himself deep into the noblewoman.
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Bshhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhhh! Ah, ahhhh, my pussy! I'm going to cum! I'm cumming! Ahhhhhhhh, I'm cumming from your jizz!"
Meno "Ahhhhhhhhhh! My dick is pumping you full of semen! I'm filling your pussy up with my semen!"
Noble Little Sister "Fah, it's so hot! It's so hot! Ahhhhhhhh! My pussy is so hot! I can feel your hot cum inside me!"
Kohaku and the noblewoman cry out in pleasure as their pussies are filled with cum.
They both convulse as they further tighten their grips around the dicks.
Almost defiantly, the nobleman and Meno pump their dicks even harder in return.
Meno "Ah! I'm still cumming! Miss! Take it all in your pussy!"
Bshhhhhh! Bshhh, bshhhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Ah, ahhh! I'm going to cum again! My pussy is on fire thanks to your cum!"
Noble Little Sister "Ah, this feels so good! I can feel the thick cum inside me! Ahh, more! Give me more of your thick cum!"
Kohaku and the noblewoman tremble from the pleasure of having men cum inside them.
The cum spills out from the noblewoman's pussy and covers Kohaku's face, and the smell sends Kohaku even more pleasure.
Kohaku "Kah, hah, mm, hah, hah... afh..."
Noble Little Sister "Afuh... fuh... Hehehe, that was fun."
The dicks are removed from Kohaku and the noblewoman's pussies.
Thick, viscous cum drips out and onto Kohaku's face.
Kohaku "Ah... mm... slrp... mm, fuh..."
Kohaku sticks out her tongue to welcome the white puddles.
The musk she tastes on her tongue sweetly numbs her brain.
She savors each drop as she swallows, and her belly burns as if she drank a strong wine.
Kohaku (Ah, Meno's... Meno's dick juice... There's so much...)
Kohaku opens her mouth wide and brings her face closer to the woman's pussy as more of Meno's cum drips out.
Kohaku "Shlrp, shlrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrp, slrrrrrrrrrrp!"
Noble Little Sister "Hyah!? Ahah, mm, mfffffffff!"
She sucks and slurps out all of Meno's cum from the noblewoman's slit.
The noblewoman flinches as if startled by the sensation.
However, Kohaku holds the woman in place by her hips and cranes her neck to slurp on her pussy.
Kohaku "Mmm, mmmp... slrp, muah, hah... Meno's dick juice... Lckkk, lckkk, slrrrrrrp, slrrrrrrrp!"
Noble Little Sister "Hah, ahh... mm...! Hehehe, you've been trained well to clean it up on your own... Ah... Now, suck it some more...!"
Kohaku "Mbbbbb!? Ngh, mmm, shlrp!"
With a smile, the noblewoman presses her pussy down against Kohaku's face.
The noblewoman strains the muscles in her groin, and a huge load of white cum comes dripping out from her pussy.
Kohaku "Mm, ngh, shlrp, shlrp! It's so good... Slrp... Dick juice... is so good... slrp, slrp, slrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrp!"
She slurps up his young cum, intoxicating herself with the flavor.
She separates the female scent from her mind and focuses solely on Meno's taste and smell.
Kohaku "Slrp, mm, slrrrrrrp! Mm, fuh... fuh... mm, slrrrrrrp!"
Kohaku (Ah, my mouth is full of Meno's seed...! It's like sweet nectar... If only... Ah!)
Despite feeling stifled, Kohaku is focused on sucking up his cum.
As she does, she feels a sharp pain in her chest, and her womb aches.
Noble Little Sister "Hehehe, I have to agree. Dick juice tastes so much better when it's someone of your own kin."
Kohaku "Heeeee...! Mm, hah... ah, ah, afuh... Y-You're licking my pussy... Ahah..."
The noblewoman's tongue licks Kohaku's slit before sucking on it loudly.
Kohaku trembles as she feels the cum being sucked out of her pussy.
Noble Little Sister "Mfff, mm... Brother's dick juice... lckkk, it's so thick today. Shlrp... Was her, mm, pussy that good? Lckk, lckkk..."
Kohaku "Fah, mm, ngh...! Kff, mm, mff, hah... Give me more dick juice... lckkk, lckk, lckkk, shlrrrrrrrrrrrrp!"
She resists the pleasure of being eaten out and continues to slurp Meno's cum from the woman's pussy.
She wants to drink more. Since he didn't cum inside her, she at least wants to taste it.
And so she slurps as hard as she can, but the more she slurps, the less cum there is.
The taste begins to get weaker, and she no longer feels the satisfaction she once did.
Kohaku "Slrp... mm, hah... lckkk, mff, mm... This isn't enough... Afuh, muah..."
Meno "Sister... Hah, hah, hah... My dick... hurts again..."
Kohaku opens her eyes as she is slurping up the woman's pussy when she hears him call out to her.
Her heart skips a beat.
Meno's dick is rock hard and trembling right in front of her eyes despite having just unleashed a huge load of cum.
Meno looks down at her with tears in his eyes.
Kohaku smiles gently up at him.
Kohaku "Come, Meno..."
Kohaku slowly opens her mouth wide so Meno can see.
She swirls her tongue around to invite Meno in.
Meno "Sister...!"
Kohaku "Ngh!? Glb, ngh, guh!"
Meno "Hah! My dick! Ah, ah! Your mouth is so warm. It feels so good!"
Kohaku "Ngh, ngh, guh, kaff!"
Meno's face is tense with pleasure as he fucks Kohaku's mouth.
His dick violently slides in and out of her throat.
Kohaku gets goosebumps as she chokes on his dick, and her whole body feels numb with pleasure.
Kohaku (Ah, Meno's... Meno's dick...! His dick tastes so good! My brain feels like it's going to melt... Ah, I want it deeper!)
Kohaku (More! Fuck my mouth harder! Tell me my mouth feels better than that woman's pussy...!)
Kohaku "Slrp, slrp! Slrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrp!"
Meno "Fah, y-you're sucking my dick... Your mouth is like a pussy!"
Kohaku fights the choking sensation, sucking his dick hard. Meno's whole body trembles to express his pleasure.
His dick is hard and hot, and he gradually begins to quicken his pace.
Meno "Hah, ah, ah...! I'm fucking your mouth, Sister!"
Kohaku "Ngoh, fgh, geh, ngh, goh... slrp, slrrrrrrrrrp!"
Noble Little Sister "Honestly, watching you two makes me jealous. Very well, I'll let you cum. Ahm, mm, slrrrrrrrrrrp!"
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhhhhhhhhh!? Mbbbb, bff, fngh, hm, gaaaaaaaaah!"
The noblewoman places her lips over Kohaku's pussy again and begins furiously sucking.
She slurps up the last drops of cum and begins to gently bite her pussy lips.
The faint pain and intense pleasure cause her to double back in pleasure when Meno sticks his dick down her throat.
Kohaku "Ngh, mm, mbbbb! Ngh, oh! Slrp, slrp... mm, mmmmmmmm!"
Meno "Ah, Sister! That feels so good! My hard dick is melting!"
Her beloved brother calls out to her as he pumps his dick in and out of her mouth.
Meno trembles when his dick reaches her throat, and she can feel a distinct male taste in her mouth as if he still had cum left inside his shaft.
Kohaku (Ah, I want more! Not these last drops, I want Meno's thick seed...!)
Kohaku "Slrp, slrp, guh!? Kaff, ngh, kaff, goh!"
Meno begins to fuck her throat harder as if he can feel her needs.
He thrusts his tip against the back of her throat, his pleasure building.
The dick she's swallowed begins to tremble.
Kohaku (Meno, I know you must want to cum. You want to fill your sister's mouth with your thick dick juice, don't you?)
Kohaku "Slrp, slrp, slrrrrrrrrp, slrrrrrrrrp! Mm, ngh, gah, oh!"
Kohaku "Dick... ngh, oh, slrp, put it inside me... Fuck my dirty throat!"
Meno "Sister, may I cum? I want to shoot my cum into your mouth!"
Noble Little Sister "Hehehe, you two really love each other. Okay, go ahead and cum. Slrp, mm, muah, slrp, slrrrrrrrrrrrrp!"
Kohaku "Mmmmmmmmm! Ngh, buh!"
The noblewoman's tongue slides deep into Kohaku's pussy. She is licking the inside of her pussy walls while stimulating her clit.
The simultaneous attack pushes Kohaku's pleasure over the edge.
Noble Older Brother "Hey, why am I the only one being left out?"
Noble Little Sister "Hehehe, the three of us will give you all the pleasure you want after this. So just hold on tight... Mmm, mmm, lckkkkk, mmmmmmm!"
Kohaku "Ngh...! Kffffff, mm, mmb, slrp, slrp, slrp slrp, slrrrrrrrrrrrrp!"
Kohaku sucks Meno's dick harder as she feels the pleasure build between her legs.
His dick, enveloped in sticky goo, begins to flinch from the pleasure.
Kohaku "Mm, ngh, slrp, slrp, slrp... Ngh, your dick... is so hot...!"
Meno "I'm going to cum... Ah, I'm going to cum inside your mouth! I'm cumming! All my dick juice...!"
Kohaku "Ngh, guh, slrp... Cum for me! Ngh, slrrrrrp!"
At some point, Meno stops fucking her throat, and she's the one bobbing her head in large motions.
She slurps his dick loudly, her saliva dripping everywhere, and she takes him deep down into her throat.
Meno "Ahhhhhh, Sister! I'm really cumming! I'm going to cum inside your throat!"
Kohaku "Mmm, slrp, hah, diiiiiiiiiiiiiiick! Ngh, ngh, your dick... slrp... mph, it's so hot and delicious!"
Kohaku "I want to drink your dick juice...! Ngh, so please cum for me...! Give me your dick juice!"
Noble Little Sister "Hehehe... Then why don't you cum with your beloved brother! Slrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrp, slrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrp!"
The noblewoman starts slurping Kohaku's pussy harder to match the intensity with which she's throat fucking Meno.
Kohaku and Meno's pleasure builds into a crescendo.
Spllllllrrrrrrt! Gshhhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh, bshhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Meno "Ahhhhhhhhh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming inside your mouth! I'm going to fill up your stomach!"
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhhh! Fgh! Bfff... mm, mmm! Mmbh! Ngh, mffffffff!"
Kohaku feels herself climaxing from the intense pleasure in her loins while her mouth is being flooded with white cum.
The huge load would've filled her pussy up, but now, it's inside her throat, blocking her from breathing. Kohaku feels herself go faint.
Kohaku "Mbh, ngh, gah!"
Kohaku (Meno's... Meno's cum is finally inside my mouth...! Ahah, it's so thick! This isn't juice. It's like jelly...!)
Kohaku (Ah, ahhh, I feel it coming! He came in my mouth, and now, my womb... My wooooooomb!)
The pleasure she feels in her pussy and mouth comes crashing together, lighting a greater fire in her loins.
Meno's dick flinches once again, erupting in more cum as he climaxes a second time inside Kohaku's mouth.
Spllllllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh, bshhhhhhhh, bshhhhhhh!")
Meno "Ah, I'm melting! My dick is melting inside your mouth!"
Kohaku "Ngh, buh... hah... I'm cumming!"
Kohaku "Slrrrrrrrrrrrrp, slrp, mmm, fuhhhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku's body convulses as she takes the cum to the back of her throat again.
Kohaku experiences intense pleasure as her throat is filled with a huge load of white cum.
Kohaku "Slrp, slrp, slrp!"
Even after Meno finishes cumming, Kohaku continues to carefully lick and slurp his dick.
She gulps down every last drop of cum still on his shaft.
Meno "Ah, ah... No, don't... Ah, it feels so good... Don't stop!"
Meno's ass tightens as he writhes from the pleasure of having his dick licked after cumming.
His voice further excites Kohaku and causes her heart to swell.
Kohaku "Mmm, mmm, mmp... glp!"
Kohaku "Ngh, pah... brp! Pfuuuuuuuuh..."
Kohaku finally releases her mouth and exhales deeply.
She is both embarrassed and proud of how much her breath smells of cum.
She is happy she can still feel some cum hanging on the back of her throat.
Meno "Hah... Sister... That was really good... I thought my legs would give out."
Kohaku's heart skips a beat again when she looks up at him.
Despite shooting a giant load of cum, Meno's dick is pointed at the sky.
Meno "Sister... I... I... want your..."
Kohaku "Ah, Meno... I don't want you in my mouth. I want you..."
They both feel the same way.
However...
Kohaku "Kah!? Hngh! Mm, ngh!"
Kohaku suddenly feels a strong shock.
It was not Meno's, but the nobleman's cock that penetrates her pussy.
Kohaku "Ngh, agh... ah, ah, ohhhhhh!"
Noble Older Brother "I'm the one who bought the two of you. How long are you planning on ignoring your owner?"
Noble Little Sister "Oh, Brother. I told you the three of us would give you the pleasure you deserve. You just couldn't wait. Hehehe..."
The nobleman ignores his sister's laugh and fucks Kohaku's pussy with his dick.
Kohaku's pussy tightens around the man's cock in a warm embrace.
Kohaku "Hah, ahh, mm, fah... It's so good...! Your dick feels so good in my pussy! Eeeek! Ah, ah!"
Noble Older Brother "Hahaha, listen to that. Your pussy feels so tight too."
Meno "S-Sister... No... Sister's pussy..."
Noble Little Sister "Hehehe, don't worry. I'll give you attention."
The noblewoman reaches out and points Meno's dick to her own pussy.
The moment the tip meets her lips and he feels the warmth, Meno thrusts forward.
Noble Little Sister "Haaaaaah! Ahh, yes! It feels so much harder than before! Ahhhhhhh!"
The noblewoman's moaning overwhelms Kohaku's own.
It's accompanied by the wet sounds of flesh grinding on flesh.
Meno "Ah, it feels so good! Your pussy is so wet!"
Kohaku "Fah, your dick... I can feel it against my womb... Hah... My pussy is so wet... It feels so good... Ahhhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku (Ah, if only this were Meno's dick...)
Kohaku (I want Meno's... I want Meno's dick!)
The nobleman fucks her as she thinks of Meno's dick.
Meno fucks the noblewoman as he thinks of his sister's pussy.
The four of them continue their act of debauchery.
It will not end until all of them have exhausted every ounce of energy and stamina they have left.
They continue holding their true feelings inside.
............
......
...
#04_koh011
A few days pass after their romp with the noble siblings.
It goes without saying that Kohaku and Meno have been pleasuring perverted customers every day.
Kohaku "Fuh... mm, hah..."
She walks down the castle hallway, her body heavy like lead.
Today's customer was particularly twisted, and she was made to do things she never wants to remember again.
However, more than the acts, she is horrified and ashamed by the pleasure she felt from them.
Although, what is most horrifying...
Kohaku (Kuff... Meno's smell... Mm...)
Kohaku's slow walking comes to a stop.
Being a beastman, Kohaku is able to pick up the faintest scent.
The scent of her beloved male ignites her body and loins, driving her into heat.
Kohaku (After the humiliation... I was just subjected to... I climaxed... Ngh... ah...)
Kohaku has experienced a level of humiliation that brought her to tears.
It was to quell her own lust, but it was all wasted effort.
Kohaku (To think I would feel it at this level without even seeing Meno...)
Soldier "Hey, what are you standing around for? Get walking."
Kohaku "You don't need to tell me."
Kohaku resumes walking after being told by the guard.
A sickening smacking noise leaks out from her loins.
Kohaku "I'm back... Meno?"
Meno normally comes to welcome her back, but there is no response today.
Meno is crouching in the corner of the room, and he's hugging himself tightly.
Kohaku "What's wrong, Meno? Are you not feeling well?"
Meno "S-Sister..."
Meno looks as if he's going to cry after she gently asks him.
She feels a piercing dagger through her heart when she sees the gleam of lust in his eyes.
She stops herself from scowling when she feels the twinge in her womb and gently strokes his head.
Kohaku "What's wrong? Did something bad happen?"
Meno "I-I..."
Kohaku "........"
Kohaku holds her breath.
She can feel the unusual heat coming from Meno's groin.
Kohaku "Does it hurt because you're so backed up? In that case, I can----"
Meno "Yes, but... that's not it."
Kohaku "Hm? What do you mean?"
Meno "I was servicing a nobleman's wife again today, and I was able to make her cum, but I..."
Kohaku "You weren't able to cum?"
Kohaku is able to make an educated guess.
The noblewoman probably tried to make Meno cum but was unable to.
As a result, the noblewoman's pride was wounded, and Meno returned feeling depressed.
Meno "She was... very angry..."
Kohaku "I see, but there will be days like that. It's nothing to be depressed about."
Meno "But that's not all. When I tried to do it by myself after getting home, I wasn't able to cum."
Kohaku "Really? Does it... not feel good?"
Meno "No, it does feel good, but..."
Meno falls silent.
His gaze wanders, looking somewhere up above.
Kohaku "Meno?"
Meno "I want to... use that hole."
Kohaku "Hm?"
Kohaku couldn't quite hear him, and he looks at her with a pained look.
Meno "I think I mentioned it before. The hole I used when I was cleaning wall asses."
Kohaku "......"
Meno "It felt so good I thought my body would melt. I think I'd be able to cum from that hole."
Kohaku "I... I see..."
Meno's expression grows dreamier with each word.
His dick trembles from under his loincloth and begins to drip precum.
The smell and his words cause Kohaku's womb to spasm.
Kohaku (If I tell him that hole was me...)
She begins to think it would be the best solution.
Because then both Meno's and her own urges would be satisfied.
The only thing stopping her is that it is her brother.
Kohaku (If I just let go of this hesitation...)
Everything would be resolved. The thought grows stronger.
However, once that happens, she can't imagine being able to stop.
They will revert into beasts driven by their base instincts.
Kohaku (That is exactly what that man was planning...)
Kohaku recalls Derek who never appeared before her again after putting her in the same room as Meno.
That man definitely knows about the foxfolk's mating urges.
Kohaku (Then I must endure it...! I will not have the Service Nation best me again.)
Kohaku renews her resolve and clenches her fist.
However, Meno's whimpering voice cuts in.
Meno "Rrrrrrrr... Sister......."
Kohaku "Y-Yes, I know......"
Kohaku is bombarded by Meno's increasing urges.
Of course, she can't ignore his plights.
Kohaku takes a deep breath in an attempt to quell the fire in her body before giving him a smile.
Kohaku "Then... let me help you with my hand."
Meno "I-I'm sorry to put you through this all the time."
Meno looks as if he's going to cry as he takes off his loincloth.
Kohaku grits her teeth as she's hit with a thick male musk she can almost reach out and touch.
The next day...
Kohaku "Meno, I know it must be hard, but you have to try your best."
Kohaku tells Meno in the morning.
Meno "O-Okay... Ngh... I'll do my best..."
Meanwhile, Meno is almost in tears.
It seems that he is experiencing the peak of his urges, and his dick is rock-hard.
Kohaku (I am being defiant against the Service Nation, but what about Meno?)
She begins to question herself.
They need separate rooms for Meno's sake.
Today will be the day she brings this up to Derek.
Kohaku leaves with the soldier who came to get her as she makes this promise to herself.
Kohaku "I'm off then, Meno."
Meno "Okay. Take care, Sister."
Meno manages to send her off with a smile.
Despite facing the same kind of day she is.
The thought brings a pang to her chest, and her loins begin to ache.
Man A "Oh, you're finally here. You had me waiting."
Man B "I see. She's as beautiful as they said."
Six men greet her as she enters the brothel.
The room is filled with a male musk.
Kohaku (This is...)
Kohaku takes in her surroundings.
The men are all naked with well-trained bodies.
They are either soldiers or manual laborers.
Her womb ignites like a wildfire as she gazes upon their toned bodies and their mighty dicks.
Kohaku (I am so ashamed that this is turning me on.)
She can be fed up with herself all she wants, but she can't help what turns her on.
There is a twinkle in her eye as she gazes upon the men that drive her wild.
Man C "She might actually be good."
Kohaku "Hah..."
One of the men wraps his arm around her shoulders.
Kohaku's body trembles, and she lets out a miserable sigh.
Her loins are aching like they are on fire.
Man D "Hey, you're already in the mood? You're sluttier than they said."
Man E "Who cares, it's more fun that way. Right?"
Kohaku "Ah... mm, hah... ngh... hah!"
The men reach out and begin touching Kohaku's body all over.
She lets out a moan as they caress her ears and tail.
The men get carried away and pull Kohaku's hand to grip their hard dicks.
Kohaku "Ah... So hot... Mmm... Your dicks are... trembling... Kff... uff... ngh..."
Man F "Damn, look at her face. You want dick that bad? You want it, don't you?"
Kohaku "I want it..."
She only hesitates for an instant.
Kohaku grips the hard dicks on her own and slowly begins jacking them off as she looks around the room.
Her womb is unbearably hot as she looks upon that deviant male look on their faces.
She can tell her pussy is getting wet.
Kohaku "P-Please bless my pussy... with your honorable dicks..."
The dirty pleading she learned from dealing with her previous customers comes naturally to her now.
She is so ashamed that she wants to cry, her urges no longer being an excuse for this degree of behavior.
However, the truth is, the more she talks dirty, the more detached she can feel from the world.
Kohaku (Have I... been reduced to being just a whore...?)
Even this degrading thought stokes the fire of her lust.
Kohaku "Please bless this dirty fox's slutty pussy with your mighty dicks..."
Kohaku "T-Then I will wag my tail in gratitude... So please... Mm, ahh..."
She continues pleading as she jacks the men off with her sticky hands.
All the while her pussy juices create a large stain on her loincloth.
#04_koh012h_koh07
Kohaku "Please put it in me... I've begged already, haven't I...? Ngh....."
Kohaku straddles one of the men and rubs her hot, wet groin all over his dick.
Her desire for cock grows with time, and she can no longer withstand the urge she feels inside her womb.
Her inner thigh is wet with her own pussy juices, and the middle of her loincloth has changed to a darker color.
Her body is abnormally hot.
She finds it frustrating that he hasn't penetrated her yet.
Kohaku "P-Please... My pussy is so hot... Hurry... Let my pussy swallow that dick..."
The dirty talk flows freely as she twists her body in shame.
Her red skin is covered in sweat, and her body is twitching with frustration.
However, the men just grin and watch without making a move.
Kohaku is on the brink of tears as she withstands her aching urges, desperately shaking her ass to entice the men.
Kohaku "Y-Y-Your dicks are already plenty hard, aren't they? They're trembling, wanting to fuck my pussy... Mm..."
Kohaku "Ngh... kffff... haff...! Ah, w-what are you...? Ahhhhhhhhh! Ngh, it's wedged in... Ah, ah, ahh...!"
One of the men grabs her loincloth and yanks it up.
Tied like a rope, the cloth wedges into her pussy and rubs up against it.
Her engorged pussy lips are spread open, and juices drip down from them.
Man A "Hahaha! How horny are you?"
Kohaku "I said... I said I... Mm, ngh! Mm, hah, uhhh... I said I wanted dick! Nghh!"
Each time the man yanks on her loincloth, Kohaku shakes her ass left and right like a marionette.
Her wedged loincloth is rubbing up against her pussy lips. The sensation causes her ass to flinch, and her pussy juices leak out again.
The men laugh at her for this.
She feels frustrated and ashamed.
However, she also feels helpless pleasure.
Her body grows even hotter, and she feels like she could breathe fire at this point.
Kohaku "Eeek, eeek, eeeek! Please don't tease me anymore...! Bless me with your dick!"
The loincloth has been twisted so thinly that she can basically feel his dick on her groin.
The pain is causing her womb to pulsate with heat.
Man A "I mean, we like the view so much, how about you let us enjoy the show a little longer."
Kohaku "No! I can't take this anymore! I want to have sex... I want you to fuck my pussy!"
Kohaku wails and rips off her loincloth.
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh! Ah! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"
She only lowers her hips down slightly, but her pussy and asshole swallow the two dicks below.
The moment she embraces the two hot dicks inside her, the pleasure built up in her heart explodes.
Kohaku "Hah, ahh, hah, fuh, hah, ahhhhhhhh! My pussy and ass feel so good! Ahhhhh, ahhhhhh, I'm cumming again!"
Kohaku "I-I'm going to fall! My body, ahhhhhhh! I can't! I'm cumming again! I'm cumming!"
Her asshole and pussy tighten on their own.
Her holes grip the dicks inside her and start pulsating and massaging them.
Kohaku is overwhelmed by the pleasure she experiences at long last and climaxes as tears stream down her face.
Man A "What the hell are you doing putting it inside and cumming without asking! Your job is to make us feel good!"
Kohaku "Hyaaaaaaaaah!? Agh, ahah! Ah, ahhhhhh! Hah, hah, eeeeeek!"
She feels her womb being properly fucked while she's in the middle of climaxing. She is pushed over the edge, and her whole body convulses.
Still, the man's words reach her as she's grown accustomed to her life in the Service Nation.
Kohaku "Nahhhh, ahhh, muah, sckkkk... muah, sckkkk, lckkk, sckkkk... ahhhhhh..."
She grinds her hips as she jacks another dick off and licks yet another.
The heat she feels on the palm of her hand, the male musk she smells, and the saltiness on her tongue, all increase Kohaku's excitement.
Her pussy and asshole tighten again as the dicks bury themselves deeper.
Kohaku "I want your cum... lckkk... I want it in my mouth, my pussy, and my ass... I want your cum! Hah, cover me all over with your cum!"
Kohaku "Nahhhh, lckkk, muah... This, nghh, pahhhh, your cock's, nghhhh... I want to drink... and get knocked up, lckkkk, by your cocks' juices."
She licks all over the head of the penis and gets a faint taste of cum.
The taste causes her womb to twinge, and her head melts.
Kohaku "Mm, ngh... glppp... sckkkk, nghhh, lckkkk... ahhhh, ahhh... Your dick tastes so good... Mm!"
The taste of cum mixed with her saliva causes Kohaku's body to twist anxiously. Her breath is warm and hot. Feeling the dick pulsate in her hand causes her heart to skip a beat.
Kohaku is overwhelmed with the joy of experiencing four dicks at once.
Man B "She's no good. What kind of whore focuses on her own pleasure?"
Man C "Yeah, totally."
Despite the scathing remarks, their faces have nasty smiles.
Kohaku "Hyafuh!? Ah, aha, hah... No... my ears... and my tail!"
The remaining men wrap her ears and tail around their dicks and start jacking off.
They are both sensitive areas for foxfolk.
Just pulling her tail would be enough to bring her to her knees, and he's jacking his hot penis with it.
Just tickling her ears would be enough for her head to melt, but he's stroking his dick with them, and she can hear the nasty, wet sounds all too clearly.
Kohaku "Hyah, ahhhh! No, that's...! It feels so good in my pussy and brain!"
The sensation in her tail causes her hips to thrust forward and her brain to burn in ecstasy.
With the addition of the dirty noises coming into her ear, Kohaku's whole body convulses violently.
Her front and back holes tighten fast, applying a death grip to the dicks inside her.
Kohaku "Hngh, gah! My ears! They're so...! Hyah! Ah, agh, kah! Fuh, faaaaaaah!"
Not only did he wrap her long fox ears around his dick, he's now fucking her earhole.
Her earhole is spread open, and despite the pain and horror, her chest is filled with excitement.
When the other man pulls her tail like a rope, she feels her knees become weak.
Kohaku "Ahh, ahh! This feels too good... Hhhhh, I'm going to go crazy! My brain is going stupid!"
Man D "You're just enjoying yourself way too much, aren't you?"
Kohaku "Ngh!? Glb... oh, bgh! Mm, mmm, fnnnnnnnngh!"
The men fucking Kohaku begin thrusting harder.
Her pussy and asshole get fucked hard, and she feels dicks rubbing against her ears, hand, and tail. The dick she was blowing gets buried deeper as he begins to fuck her throat.
Kohaku "Mfffffff, ngh! Mgh! Geh! Mmbb, shlrp, shlrp! Ohh, dicks! Slllllllllllllllllllllllllrp!"
Man D "Hahaha, she's actually enjoying this! Take my dick, whore!"
Kohaku "Nghhh! Glb, fgh! Mmmmm, mm, ngh, mbb, bff! I want it deep in my throat! Mmmm!"
Her airways close as he fucks her deep in the throat. Her vision turns red from the pain, and tears stream down her face.
Yet Kohaku holds the dick even deeper.
Man E "Whoa, you fucking her mouth is making her asshole tighten more and more!"
Kohaku "Ngh, grrrrr! Ngh, kaff, ngh, nghhhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku (It hurts! It hurts, but it feels so good! More! Ruin me!)
Kohaku isn't even aware that her pussy and asshole are tightening around the dicks inside her.
Even when the men violently thrust their dicks, her body grabs hold and won't let them go.
Her pussy undulates, stimulating the dick from its root, sending pleasure to all the men.
Kohaku "Geb, guh, buh, more... Oh, ngh, fuck me more! My pussy, my ass, and my mouth!"
Kohaku "My ears, my tail, fuck them all! Mbbbbb, glb, ngh, nghhhhh!"
She opens her throat wide and stimulates the head of the dick with the back of her throat.
She gyrates her whole body to pleasure the dicks in her hands and asshole.
Man C "You wanna cum while getting fucked hard, huh, you she-fox!"
Kohaku "Ngh, grrr! Ngh, mmmm, ngh, ngh, rrrrrrrrr!"
Her tail gets yanked hard, and she feels a sensation erupt from the base.
Kohaku fights the urge to bite the dick inside her mouth before slurping down on it again.
She can feel the dicks tremble warmly inside and outside her body.
When she feels like they're close, she almost cries as her chest and womb continue to ache.
Kohaku "Ngh, slrp, slrp! Nghhhh! Kaff, nghhhhhh!"
Kohaku (I feel it through my whole body... The dirty sounds are deep in my ear...! They're going to cum... All the dicks are going to cum! Ahh, hurry, hurry, hurry!)
Man A "Ngh... Alright, I'm cumming! Take it, you whore!"
The dicks are hard as rocks as they fuck Kohaku more intensely.
Precum oozes out of their tips, and the smell drives Kohaku wild.
Kohaku "Ngh, mm, slrp... slrp! Cum! Give me your cum... Nghhh! Mmm, mmm, nghhh!"
In the next instant, Kohaku feels as if she's floating.
Just before the six dicks plunge into her like skewers.
Splllllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhhhh, bshhhhhh, gshhhhh! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh, bshhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
All six dicks cum at once, and the intensity pushes Kohaku to climax.
She feels something hot deep within her body snap, and she loses sense of herself. All Kohaku can feel is the heat of the dicks and cum.
Kohaku "Bah, hah, ah, mm, ngh, kaff, oh, ohhhhhhh! Hhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Cum is pumped inside Kohaku's mouth, pussy, and ass.
The cum fills her throat, cutting off her breathing. The pain causes her whole body to stiffen, and her pussy and asshole clinch so hard they could tear off the dicks inside them.
Kohaku trembles as she smells the cum deep within her nasal cavity.
She is then showered with several loads of cum as well.
Splllllrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhh, bshhhhh! Gshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Ngh, ah, ahhhhhh, this is what I wanted! Ahhhhhhh, bah, I'm cumming!"
The taste and smell of cum and the violent spasming of the dicks push Kohaku to the height of her orgasm.
Her vision goes white several times, but now her mind goes blank as well.
Kohaku "Bah!"
When Kohaku and the men finish their orgasms, the dick is removed from her mouth.
A mixture of cum and her saliva spills down to soil her face and body.
Kohaku has a hazy look as she breathes deeply. However, her eyes are fixated on the dick in front of her.
Kohaku "Hahh, ahhhh... lckkkk... lckkkk, muah... ngh, lckkkk... ngh, sckkkk, muah, ngh, lckkkk..."
Without having to be ordered, she begins cleaning off the cum from the dick.
She sticks out her tongue and carefully licks off the cum, swallowing it.
Kohaku "Mm, glp... Hah, ah, this is dick juice... There's still some left... Lck, lck... muah... mm, kah, hah, hah, hah..."
Each time she licks off the cum, a rich male flavor overtakes her being.
It transforms into its own new stench as it mixes with her saliva, tickling her nostrils.
Her lust reignites, making her body hot.
She just finished orgasming, but her pussy is on fire as she grips the dick in her mouth.
Kohaku "More... It's not enough... Ah, more dick juice... I need it all inside my pussy, my ass, and my mouth!"
She tenses the muscles in her loins to clinch down on the dicks in her pussy and ass.
Her pussy and intestinal walls undulate to milk every last drop of cum from the dicks.
White, frothy cum spills out from the gap, dripping down on the man underneath her.
Kohaku "Ahhh, ngh! Ngh! Muah, mm, muah, bp...! Mmm, shlrrrrrrrrrp!"
Kohaku puts the dick in front of her inside her mouth without waiting for further instructions.
She grinds her hips as she begins to stimulate the dicks inside her pussy and ass.
Man A "Heh, just how much do you like fucking?"
The men are both surprised and pleased by Kohaku's actions.
Her sticky tongue.
Her writhing hips.
She even has a ringer wrapped around the head of the penis to pleasure the man.
Kohaku "Shlp, muah, shlrp, ngh, mm, mmmmm, ngh, mmm, shlllllllllrp!"
Kohaku "Hah, more... Ah, ngh... More dick juice... Ngh, mm... I want it inside and all over me!"
She licks and sucks a dick while pressing her head and ear against the man next to her to make it easier for him to wrap it around himself.
She then wraps her tail around another dick in a tight grip.
All she desires now is cum.
She wants to shower in their cum to feel the heat and smell.
Kohaku "All of it... More... More... Hah, on my hair... shlrp, on my face and breasts... Ngh, mm, on my stomach, and arms, shlrp, and my pussy and ass...!"
Kohaku "Shlp, I want it so the smell can't be washed off... Ngh, mm, all of it... Cover me with cum!"
She bobs her head back and forth as she unleashes her lust upon them.
She wraps her lips tightly around the cock and flicks her tongue all over it like a snake.
The back of her throat trembles as she massages the head of the cock she's swallowed.
Man D "Hey, you wanted this. I hope you're ready."
Kohaku "Ngh, ugh, bah! Ngh, kaff, ohn, goh! Yes, dick! So hard!"
She gags as he manhandles her throat.
Then the two dicks thrust up from underneath as her tail and ears jack off the other dicks.
Kohaku opens her eyes wide, and her whole body convulses violently.
The more she gets fucked, the more her anguish and pleasure builds.
Kohaku "Ngh, shlrp, muah, mm, ngh, there... glb, are so many dicks... Mmmmm!"
Kohaku "Glb, bah, oh, ngh! I'm going to cum... Mm, ngh, my pussy... Kaff... ngh, kaff, ngh... muah... I'm going to cum again!"
Man E "Hey, you need to make us cum first!"
The men laugh as they thrust more enthusiastically.
Their hard dicks stab into her like weapons.
These dicks have just cum, but they're pulsating violently like they could blow at any second.
Kohaku "Ngh, goh, uh, gub... Whoa, glb... Mm, mmm, shlrrrrrrrrrrrrp!"
She gags on the cock in her mouth, and her body begins to tremble as her consciousness slips away.
She feels intoxicated. The more violently she's treated, the more she's turned on.
As her consciousness slips away, she continues diligently sucking on the man's cock.
Of course, she doesn't forget to tighten her pussy and asshole.
She is also jacking another dick off with her right hand, wrapping her fingers tightly around it as if to milk out the cum from the base of the cock.
Man A "Good... I'll cum inside you again as a reward."
The men become serious as they respond to Kohaku's pleasure.
The dick fucking her pussy knocks against her womb several times.
The dick fucking her ass takes long strokes that are the full length of his cock.
And the dick fucking her mouth continues hitting the back of her throat.
Kohaku "Shlp, mm, ngh, ngh, ngh, nghhhhhhhhh!"
Sticky drool drips from the corners of her mouth.
But now her face is filthy with tears and snot which run down her face as well.
Kohaku (I'm about to cum! My pussy, my ass, and my mouth all feel so good!)
Kohaku "Shlrp, mmm, ngh, mm, mmm, slrp, slrp, ngh, goh, mmb... Oh... shlrrrrrrrp!"
Kohaku clenches her pussy and ass as she slurps on the dick.
The men's dicks begin to pulsate in response.
Splllllrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh! Bshhhh, bshhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku's whole body trembles as her pussy and ass tighten even more.
Cum flies toward her from the front and the back, covering Kohaku's body with white.
Of course, she is also being pumped full of cum, and it all comes flowing out of her like a waterfall.
Kohaku "Mffffffff! Ngh, ngh, mmmmmmmmmm! Mff, fnghhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku's body bends backward as she convulses to signal her climax.
Her pussy begins to spasm, milking the dick cumming inside her.
But this would not be the end.
Man A "Hey, we're not done yet! Don't you be taking a rest!"
Kohaku "Mm, ngh!? Goh! Ugh, abbbbbb! Mff, fngh!"
Despite just cumming, the men relentlessly continue fucking her.
Kohaku's body makes sticky, wet sounds as sweat and white cum fly off of her.
The smell hanging in the room grows stronger as the sex in the air becomes almost visible.
And there is Kohaku, experiencing an endless orgasm.
Kohaku (Ngh, it hurts...! It feels so good! I'm going to black out... Ahhhhhhh! I love getting fucked by dicks!)
Kohaku "Glb, buh, guh!? Glb, oh, ubb, mm, guh, oh, nghhhhhhh!"
Without any consideration for Kohaku, the men continue to thrust their hips to satisfy themselves.
They fuck her pussy deep, twist up her intestines, hit the back of her throat, and rub their dicks against her hands, ears, and tail.
Kohaku "Ngh, oh, blegh, uh, geh, nghhhhhhhhhgeh! Kaff, kaff, gub, muah, mm, shlrrrp!"
Kohaku lets out muffled sounds as she takes their dicks.
Her pussy and rectum stretch out, and she tries to take the dick in her throat even deeper.
Having all that been done, Kohaku's body still feels pent-up frustration.
Kohaku (More...! Harder! Mess me up... Ruin me! Stab me to death with your dicks!)
Kohaku "More, glb, harder... Ngh! Deeper... mmm, nghhhhhh! Deep inside me... slrp, I need... your dicks!"
Man A "Then this will finish you!"
The men increase their pace as they enter the final phase.
The dicks are oversensitive from cumming multiple times. They tremble as they rub against her pussy walls, intestinal walls, hands, tail, and ears.
Kohaku "Ngh, fugh, ngh, mgh, nghhhhhh! Mbb, ngh, glb, oh, goh, uhn, glb, goh, nghh!"
Kohaku (It feels so good... It feels so good I'm going to go crazy.)
Kohaku (I'm cumming again! I'm cumming from my pussy! From my ass! I'm cumming from my whole body!)
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Mgoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!"
Kohaku has lost count as she experiences yet another orgasm.
The wave of pleasure is bigger than all the ones before it. It swallows and flows through her.
Kohaku (Ahhhhhh, I'm cumming! I keep cumming! The dick juices are making me cum! I'm... I'm...!)
Spllllrrrrrt, bshhhhh, bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Mmmmmm! Guh! Goh! Ngh, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Her pussy, ass, mouth... everywhere from head to toe to tail is covered in cum.
Completely painted white with cum, Kohaku can no longer even think straight.
Kohaku is engulfed by overwhelming joy.
Kohaku "Fah, hah, hah, hah, haff, fuh... mm, hah..."
Kohaku's body trembles as she wakes from her long climax, breathing heavily.
Cum pours out of her mouth as she gulps down what's in her throat.
Kohaku (The sweet smell of cum...)
Kohaku wears a dreamy expression from the thick musk of cum she detects in her nostrils.
In front of her is a dick covered in cum inches from her face.
Kohaku sticks out her tongue without even thinking when she sees his meat stick trembling.
Kohaku "Lckkk... lckkk, muah... hahhh, lckkk, lckkkkkkkkk..."
Man C "Good. Once we take a break, we'll fuck you again."
Kohaku "O-Okay... Lckkkkk, ng, muah, lckkkk..."
She nods obediently and continues licking his dick.
Her body is already starting to ache again, and she feels a sense of desire deep in her loins.
Kohaku (Why? I just came so much already...)
Kohaku (I still want dick... I want to get fucked by dicks... I want them to ruin my pussy and cum until I want to die!)
Kohaku (But the dicks here... the dicks here aren't going to let me climax from the heart...)
She has been fucked thoroughly and covered with cum. However, there is still an emptiness inside Kohaku.
No matter how many times she gets fucked, she has a feeling she will not be truly satisfied.
Kohaku (There's only one thing I want...)
An image of Meno flashes inside her mind.
Picturing his giant dick causes her body to shiver.
Man C "Hey, get back to work."
Kohaku "Oh, I'm terribly sorry... Lckkkk, lckkkkk..."
She resumes cleaning the dick in front of her as she pictures Meno's face again.
Simultaneously, she feels her womb aching with heat.
She clearly understands what it means.
Kohaku (Can only Meno satisfy me...?)
It is an extremely dangerous thought.
She can feel the temptation to cross the line she's so diligently kept growing.
Kohaku "Ngh, lckkk, muah... hahh, lckkk, lckkkk... ngh, muah, sckkk...!"
Kohaku (Don't think about it... I must not think about this now......)
Kohaku says to herself as she continues to pleasure the men.
She simply wants to drown in this pleasure for now.
Drowning will help her forget about these feelings for Meno.
She continues to lick the dick in front of her with these thoughts in mind.
............
......
...
#04_koh013
And so a few more days pass.
Kohaku and Meno continue to fight the impulses of their growing urges as they manage to fulfill their daily duties.
However...
Kohaku "M-Meno...?"
Meno "Sister...?"
She enters the room where she is supposed to meet her sex mate, but there are no customers.
There is only Meno who left their room before her.
Kohaku (Another sibling orgy?)
Despite having done this several times already, she's unsure how long she can resist her urges as they are at their peak.
Kohaku curses her loins as they already beginning to ache, but she can't look away from Meno.
Meno is looking back at her with dewy eyes.
Meno "Does this mean we will be working together again today?"
Kohaku "It seems that way. Has the client not arrived yet?"
Meno "No, it doesn't seem like they have yet."
Kohaku "I see..."
The situation is awkward.
It's not that they have nothing to talk about, but her body simply gets hot when they're together in a small space.
Tonight is also a full moon which is when their urges are at their peak.
Being together with a foxfolk of the opposite gender in these conditions is extremely dangerous.
Kohaku (My pussy is hot...)
Meno "............"
Meno seems restless as well.
His eyes dart around the room as he begins squirming.
He is clearly feeling lust.
If the client doesn't hurry up and show up to start, the situation will only worsen.
Kohaku (I see... Today's client wants this situation.)
She lets out a sigh when she realizes the reason behind the client's absence.
In any case, she needs to calm herself.
If she loses focus for even a moment, she might jump on Meno.
Kohaku "It's a little warm in here."
Meno "Huh? Y-Yes... it is."
Kohaku "Do you want some water, Meno?"
Meno "I'm okay."
Kohaku "Okay."
Feeling thirsty, Kohaku drinks some water left for them in the room.
Kohaku "Glp..."
Meno "............"
She feels Meno staring at her.
Meno's eyes are fixated as her throat gulps down the water.
When their eyes meet, he quickly turns away.
His face is red, and she can tell he is at the limit of containing his urges.
Her aching loins twinge even more when she sees Meno acting like this.
Kohaku (At this rate, one of us is going to reach our limit. Would it be better to give Meno a quick release before that happens?)
Kohaku (But if the client shows up while I'm doing that...)
Kohaku "Wait, it can't be!?"
Kohaku happens upon another possibility.
Meno "What is it, Sister?"
Kohaku "N-Nothing, never mind."
Meno tilts his head inquisitively.
However, Kohaku is having trouble hiding it from him.
Kohaku (Could today's client be Meno...? They want me to have sex with my brother?)
The moment the thought crosses her mind, her body grows burning hot.
The heat is especially intense deep within her loins, and a feeling of numbness begins to spread.
Kohaku (No! What have we been resisting all this time for!?)
Meno "Sister..."
Kohaku doesn't realize she's been staring at Meno.
And he is looking back at her with an intense look of his own.
Kohaku (No, anything but that!)
She frantically gathers herself.
If her will breaks here, she will regrettably cross that final line with Meno.
If she does that, for what reason have they been fighting these urges?")
She frantically tells herself that she will absolutely keep her hands off of Meno.
Kohaku (But... if tonight's client is actually Meno...)
She hesitates as she feels the heat consume her body.
If she is told her client is Meno, she would have to obey.
Kohaku (If I face Meno in this situation, I'm sure I won't be able to hold back.)
Kohaku (No, I have to resist! I have to resist until the very end and get out of this place with Meno!)
Meno "Ah, Sister... I can't hold it in... My dick hurts so much..."
As Kohaku wrestles with her moral dilemma, Meno's body is experiencing its own changes.
His bulge swells, almost breaking through his loincloth.
Meno "I-I... Ah, I'm sorry, but I want to... with you, Sister...!"
Kohaku "Meno..."
Her heart is beating rapidly.
She knows that she is at a crossroads.
To resist until the end or give in to temptation.
Kohaku (There is nothing to think about. I clearly have to resist!)
Meno "Fgh... Sister, can't we? Can I not have sex with your pussy?"
Kohaku "Hnn...!"
Meno's whimpering voice tickles her eardrums.
His bulging loincloth begins to dampen from his precum.
His thick male musk begins to fill the air.
Kohaku "Snff... snff, snff... hah..."
Her whole body goes numb from his scent and her mind becomes dizzy. She feels herself entering a dream world.
It doesn't matter where they are or what the situation is anymore.
There is Meno standing in front of her, and that is all that matters.
Kohaku (That's right... I've been wanting to do this for the longest time...)
Kohaku slowly reaches out toward Meno.
She caresses his cheek with her finger and gently addresses him.
Kohaku "Lay down."
Meno "Ahah... O-Okay......"
Meno gives a joyful look as he immediately lies down.
She removes his loincloth and sees his dick is bigger than usual.
Kohaku "Ah..."
The sight of it pushes her into ecstasy.
Her pussy writhes forlornly and begins oozing with juices.
Her womb grows hot as if to demand Meno's dick.
Kohaku "Meno..."
Meno "Sister... please..."
Kohaku "Okay. Leave it to me..."
#04_koh014h_koh08
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Meno "Ah, ah, ahhh, I'm cumming!"
The moment his dick loudly enters her, Kohaku lets out a shriek as Meno screams in ecstasy.
A huge load of cum gushes out of his dick and into her pussy.
White, frothy cum leaks from the side and onto Meno's groin.
Kohaku "Mm, hah, ah.... Ah, I didn't think it would be this good... Mm, kff...!"
She looks down at Meno with happy tears.
Kohaku trembles with regret for giving in to temptation.
However, an overwhelming sense of joy surging up from her loins drowns out those regrets.
She gently speaks to Meno, holding back the urge to grind her pussy on his dick.
Kohaku "H-How is my pussy...? Does it feel good? Hm?"
Meno "I-It's awesome. It's the best... pussy I've ever used... B-But..."
Kohaku "But...?"
Meno "Sister... could it be... that ass in the wall..."
Kohaku's shoulders flinch as Meno timidly begins to ask her.
Her pussy tightens, and Meno groans.
Kohaku clinches her sphincter and giggles at Meno.
Kohaku "Heheheh, so you can tell after all..."
Kohaku lets out a sigh of relief.
She doesn't need to hide it anymore. She feels liberated and free.
Her love for Meno swells, filling up her chest.
Kohaku cups Meno's face with her hands and brings her face closer.
Kohaku "That's right. You and I have already had intercourse a long time ago... Mm, muah, sckkk!"
Meno "Mmmmmmmmm! Pah, hah, S-Sister!"
She tenses the muscles in her loins as she kisses Meno, tightening her pussy around his dick.
The folds in her pussy wrap around his meat stick, letting him know the pleasure she is feeling.
Meno "Ah-Ah... There's no mistake... This feels like from before!"
Kohaku "Is it really that different from other women?"
Meno "Y-Yes! But I never imagined that was you... The whole time I was wishing it was... And it really was you!"
Meno cries as his emotions take over.
Kohaku isn't the only one who has been holding back their sexual urges for over a month.
Meno has been fighting with the pain he felt desiring his own sister as well.
Kohaku's chest constricts as she sees Meno's tears. She almost regrets not doing this sooner.
Kohaku reaches out and wipes away Meno's tears.
Kohaku "There's no need to hold back anymore. Use this hole to your heart's content. I am yours, Meno..."
Meno "Sister... M-My dick is yours too!"
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhh! Hyuuuh! Ngh! Meno, your dick is stabbing me!"
She lets out a high-pitched scream as Meno begins pumping furiously.
His engorged penis is slamming into her cervix.
His dick and her cervix are kissing like lovers.
Meno "Ah, ah... Sister... your cervix is trying to eat my dick!"
Kohaku "Ngh, ngh... T-That's because, mm, your dick is... reaching so deep inside me! Your dick feels so good!"
Kohaku begins to grind her hips, and Meno's body twitches. He looks as if he'll cum at any second.
However, his dick becomes hard as a rock, slamming into Kohaku's womb.
Kohaku "Hah, ahh, so good! I've been fucked by so many dicks... fah, but yours is the best, Meno!"
Kohaku "Ah... Ever since you fucked me in that wall... I haven't been able to forget your dick!"
She moans as her voice trembles with emotion and excitement, and she continues to grind hard.
His rock-hard penis feels amazing as it rubs against her insides.
Kohaku "Yes, mm, Meno... Ngh, fuh... More... Fuck me with your dick!"
Meno's giant cock sticks to the walls of Kohaku's juicy pussy.
The lubrication from the mixture of cum and her pussy juices makes it easier for his dick to fuck her.
Lewd sticky sounds fill the room, heightening their excitement.
Kohaku "This... I've wanted your dick for so long! Ahhh, I wanted your giant dick to fuck my slutty pussy!"
Meno "Me too! Even when I was having sex with other pussies, I was always imagining yours!"
Kohaku excites herself with her own dirty talk and slams her hips down as if to impale herself.
Their bodies make loud sounds as his penis knocks against her cervix. The sensation causes them to tremble with numbing pleasure.
Kohaku "Ahh, yes... Cum for me! Cum inside my pussy! Ahh! Fill your sister's cunt with your thick dick juice!"
Meno "Y-Yes, Sister! I will fill you with my dick juice! I'll cum inside your pussy until my balls are empty!"
His hard, swollen dick pumps furiously in and out of her from tip to base.
The head of his dick is scooping out his first load of cum.
The smell of cum wafting in the air only stokes Kohaku's lust further.
Kohaku "Hah, yes, it's so good! Fah! Meno's giant dick! Ahh! Your giant dick is hitting me so deep!"
Kohaku "Mm, kah, more... Ah, fuck me more with your dick! Hah, make my pussy yours!"
Meno "Yes, Sister! I'm going to cum! I'll make your pussy mine with my cum! Ahhhhhhh!"
Kohaku screams as she grinds her pussy and chomps down hard on his dick with her pussy's lips.
Meno's dick jumps up as she squeezes it tightly.
Spllllrrrrrrttt! Bshhhhh, bshhhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Fahhhhhhhhh! Ahhh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"
Meno "Ahhhhhhh! Sister! I'm filling your pussy up with my cum!"
He pumps out his cum as his tip is buried halfway inside her cervical canal. Kohaku spasms as she screams in ecstasy.
Kohaku's womb pulsates as if it's swallowing the cum, and the contractions cause her pussy to tighten even more.
Each of her pussy folds writhe as they undulate in a manner to milk every last drop of cum from Meno's dick.
His dick quivers inside her pussy as it ceaselessly pumps thick cum inside.
Kohaku "Hah, Meno's... Mm, hyah... Meno's cum! Ah, hah! Your dick juice! Your dick juice is inside me again!"
Meno "Yes, yes, yeeeeeeeeeeeeees! I'm still filling you with my seed! Until I impregnate you!"
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh, bshhhhhh, bshhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Meno "Ahhhhhhh! Sister! Cum for me! Cum from my dick juice!"
Kohaku "Mmmmmmmmhhhhhhhhh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming from having my brother cum inside me!"
She whips her hair about and screams as she feels an overwhelming amount of cum fill her up.
The hot cum burns her womb, and she bites her lip, climaxing while tears stream down her face.
Just then, Meno's hand reaches out from below to grab Kohaku by the hips.
Kohaku "Kahah!? Ahhhhhhhh, hngh! Hah, ah, M-Meno! Ahhhhhhhh!"
She looks down and sees Meno crying tears of joy as well.
However, his dick remains rock-hard, transforming into a raging fire inside Kohaku's pussy.
Kohaku bites her lip. She begins grinding again, massaging his hot dick with her pussy.
Meno "Sister! Sister! More! More! I want to fuck your pussy more! I want to cum inside you more!"
Kohaku "Good! Ah, Meno! Cum as many times as you want! You can do whatever you want... to my pussy!"
Kohaku "Eeeeeek! Hah! Because this pussy is yours!"
Kohaku raises up her hips and slams it down onto Meno's dick, cum splattering everywhere with a sticky smack.
The hard head of his dick twists and turns, slamming up against her cervix and breaking halfway through.
That instant, a bolt of electricity zaps through their bodies.
Meno "Ngh, ngh... Sister! It feels so good!"
Kohaku "Ah, Meno... Meno! Ah, fuck me... Ngh! Aff! Fah! Fuck my pussy more! Ah!"
Kohaku's uterus lowers itself, craving Meno's cum.
Her cervical canal is open and grabs hold of Meno's dick.
Meno "Hah, ah, your uterus feels so good! I'm going to cum inside your womb! I'm going to fill your uterus up with my child's seed!"
Kohaku "Ahh, yes, cum inside me! Give me your seed again and again! Ah, my pussy is yours!"
Kohaku "So please! Make me your female! Conquer my hole with your dick!"
Dripping sweat, tears, drool, and snot, Kohaku continues to grind her hips with only one thing in mind.
Her whole body is numb with pleasure, and she no longer even knows what she's doing.
All she can feel is the heat of Meno's dick.
His cock feels like it could burst at any moment as his hot dickhead pokes at her uterus.
Meno "Sister! I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum again!"
Kohaku "Cum for me! Give me your hot, thick seed! Mm, fah, fill up my slutty pussy!"
Kohaku screams as she slams her hips down to swallow Meno's cock whole.
Meno's dick is at its breaking point as it pushes open her cervical canal and reaches deep inside.
Splllllrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh! Bshhhhh, bshhhhhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhh, it's so hot! I'm cumming due to your hot cum!"
Meno "Ahhhhhhhh! I'm cumming inside your pussy! It feels so good!"
It's their third orgasm together.
The moment her uterus feels his hot cum, Kohaku's whole body trembles as she becomes intoxicated by her climax.
Her pussy constricts like crazy, squeezing his dick as if to twist it right off.
Kohaku "Ahh, Meno, Meno, Meno! Give it all to me! I want your pregnancy-inducing juices all inside my womb!"
Meno "Ah, Sister! I'll give it all to you! I will fill you up with my seed!"
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhh, yes! Yes! Impregnate me with your seed!"
Kohaku screams and her whole pussy spasms.
Bshhhhhhh! Bshhhhhh, bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Mmhhhhhhhhhh! I feel your juices inside my uterus!"
Kohaku "Ah, I'm cumming! I'm cumming from the feeling in my womb! I'm cumming from your seed, Brother!"
Kohaku throws her head back and screams in ecstasy as his cum fills her womb until it's full.
Kohaku "Fah, ah, ah, hah, hah... ngh, kuff... fah, hah... Meno..."
Meno "Ah, ah, hah... Sister..."
Exhausted, she looks at Meno with a happy smile.
His dick is still hard as it convulses inside her.
Kohaku "Heheheh... Still, wanting more? I know there's plenty of cum left in those balls of yours..."
Meno "Y-Yes, there's still plenty left. Your pussy feels so good... I can cum some more... Afah!?"
Kohaku tenses the muscles in her loins as Meno is still in mid-sentence.
Her pussy walls constrict, squeezing his dick as cum oozes out of her hole.
The sensation causes Meno to shudder, and he lets out a painful-sounding moan.
Kohaku "Hehehe... Okay, cum as many times as you want. Ah... ngh, hah... We can fuck until your balls are empty..."
Meno "Sister..."
They smile as they suddenly start to feel a little self-conscious.
They feel like this is the happiest moment of their lives while they're connected like this.
His dick and her pussy are in unified harmony.
Just then...
Derek "Hey, who told you you could start?"
Kohaku "Hnn...!? D-Derek!? Why are you here!?"
She turns and sees Derek in front of the door.
The color from Kohaku drains as if she's been dunked in ice water.
Kohaku "T-This isn't what it looks like! It's..."
She tries to make up an excuse, but her words fail her.
Kohaku isn't even sure what is so wrong with what they're doing.
In any case, she can't have Derek see her in this state.
She knows in her head that she needs to separate from Meno and put some clothes on right away.
However...
Kohaku (W-Why...? M-My body won't move.)
Kohaku's body refuses to separate from Meno.
She doesn't care if Derek is watching, she wants to stay connected to Meno. That is her true feeling.
Derek "Good grief. You two whores just started fucking each other without waiting for your customer... Your lack of discipline is astounding."
Kohaku "C-Customer? Isn't my customer Meno tonight?"
Derek "Who told you that? I'm your customer for tonight."
Derek "Or did you do this hoping your brother was the customer?"
Kohaku "Ngh... ngh... kff..."
She is unable to respond.
Kohaku can admit that she decided on her own that Meno was her customer.
Once she's told that he isn't, that is that. When she's told to pleasure Derek, all she can do is obey.
Derek "You two will need to be disciplined."
Derek grins. The bed creaks as he circles behind Kohaku.
And then...
Kohaku "Kah!? Ah, agh, ah, ahhhhh... hyah... hah, haff, ah, ah, ahh! Stop... I'm going to break...!"
Meno "Ghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!? Ahhhhhhhhhhh! My dick is being crushed!"
Derek forces his dick inside her pussy while Meno's cock is still inside.
It's already been stretched out to its limit by Meno's giant cock.
There should be no room for a dick bigger than Meno's.
Kohaku "Ghhhh! Eeeeeeek! Hngh! Ungh! Hah! N-No... m-my pussy is going to tear open... Kyah!"
She can hear the flesh of her pussy creaking.
The hair on the back of her neck stands up as she's consumed by the fear of her body being torn apart.
However, Derek laughs as if he's enjoying the tightness.
Derek "Don't worry. A woman's body is tougher than you think. Come on, take it all in."
Kohaku "Ahhhhh! Ungh! Kff, fah... Mmmmm! My chest... Ngah!"
Derek's large hand violently squeezes Kohaku's breast.
Her nipples are crushed as he applies tremendous force.
She feels tremendous heat.
Kohaku "Ah, ahhh... It hurts... It hurts... Ngh, ahh, it's so hot... I've never felt...!"
Derek "Take my whole cock now."
Kohaku "Mmmmmmmmmm, ahhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Meno "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Her pussy is stretched wider as Derek finally forces his dick inside.
Kohaku "Ngh... kff... Fah, ahh, it's going to tear... Ahhhhhhhh!"
Meno "My dick is being crushed... But... ah, something..."
Kohaku's body trembles as her pussy takes the two giant cocks simultaneously.
Her pussy hurts just from breathing. Her teeth chatter as the pain feels like a chill.
Kohaku (S-Still...)
Derek "Feels good, doesn't it?"
Kohaku "Hnn...!?"
Derek laughs in a low voice as he brings his face up to Kohaku's ears. The voice sends a shiver down Kohaku's spine.
Derek "Your pussy is grabbing hold like it's happy. Your brother's dick was not enough to satisfy you, was it?"
Kohaku "S-Shut up... This is... Why would I be turned on... by such a cruel act...?"
Derek "Then prove it!"
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhh! Fah! Ngh! Ah, ah!"
Meno "Waaah! Hah, ah, ngh, ahhhhh! My dick is being crushed!"
Her pussy is stretched to its limit as Derek starts to pound her.
The inside of Kohaku's pussy is stretched smooth, and she feels a burning sensation as Derek fucks her rough.
Naturally, Meno can feel the sensation as well.
The friction from Derek's hard dick is more painful than pleasurable.
Meno scowls as his shaft feels like it's going to break. However...
Meno "Hah, ah... Why!?"
For some reason, what should be a painful act is bringing him excitement. This shouldn't be pleasurable, but it feels so good.
Meno's bewilderment is visible in his eyes.
Meno "Ahhhhh, ahh, Sister! My dick! My dick!"
Kohaku "Ngh! Ah! Meno! Ngh, ngh... ahhhhhh!"
While she's worried about Meno, she's in no position to protect him.
Her pussy is stretched past its limit, and she is fighting the pain of her groin being pulled out of place.
Still, her uterus and chest are abnormally hot.
She can feel her pussy begin to writhe from the rough treatment.
Despite being stretched to the point of almost ripping, her pussy hangs on tightly to Derek's dick.
Derek "Look at that. Your pussy is hugging my dick."
Kohaku "Ngah! Agh! Kah! Ahah! Ahhh! No, you're wrong! Ahhhhh!"
Derek "I'm not wrong. It's the dick that took your virginity after all. The first dick your pussy ever tasted."
Kohaku "That's----! Agh! Ahhh! That's----! Ahhhhhh!"
Derek "Admit it. Your pussy's response is all the proof I need."
Kohaku "Kah! Ah! Hghhhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku feels her organs shake as he fucks her hard enough to warp her uterus.
Her body flinches, and her eyes bulge open.
Derek whispers into her ears as her absolute master.
Derek "I'll give you pleasure your brother could never give you."
Kohaku "Ngh!? Ahhhhh, hyahhh!"
Kohaku screams as he gets into his rhythm.
His dick grinds against her pussy walls as he fucks her inside out.
At the same time, he grabs her tits and squeezes them so hard, she thinks he's going to rip them off.
The sensation she feels from her loins and chest should be painful, but she is left wanting more.
Kohaku "Ahhh, agh, kah! I can't take any more! Hnghhhhhh! Hyah! Ah! Forgive me! Forgive me!"
Derek "That's no way to talk to me. Who am I? I taught you the first time."
Kohaku "Ngaaaaaah!"
He slams her hard, and she feels her uterus being crushed from the inside.
The pain brings back memories from when she lost her virginity, and before she knows it, she is debasing herself.
Kohaku "Ahhh! Master! Master! I implore you to stop!"
Derek hears her screams of plight, but he doesn't stop.
He shifts his gaze to Meno and sneers.
Derek "What about you? Who am I, the man raping your sister?"
Meno "Master! You're... our master! Please! Please! Please forgive us!"
Meno copies Kohaku and begs Derek for forgiveness while calling him master.
Meno's dick is still being rubbed raw and is at the mercy of pleasure and pain.
Derek "What a pathetic pair of siblings. You'll need stern disciplining."
Kohaku "Kah!? Ahhhhhhhh, hngh! I'm cumming!"
Meno "Ahhhh! My dick is burning!"
The moment Derek thrusts forward powerfully, Meno is unable to withstand the stimulation and ejaculates in an explosion.
The sensation of hot cum spreads throughout Kohaku's pussy, pushing her to climax.
Derek "Good grief, how dare you cum before your master. You two aren't disciplined at all."
Kohaku "Ahyaaaaaaaah! Ahhhhhhhhhh, ah, agh! Ahhh!"
He grips and pulls her breast as if to rip them off her chest as she is climaxing. Her uterus is being pummeled by a rock-hard dick.
The pleasure sends her over the edge, and Kohaku lets out a hoarse scream.
Of course, having his dick rubbed after just cumming is unbearable for Meno as well.
Meno "Ahh, ahhhhh, my dick! My dick is being carved away... Eeeek, eeeek! Ahh, Master!"
Derek's giant dick is scraping away the underside of cock as he's getting pushed against Kohaku's pussy walls.
Meno's whole body shakes from the burning pain and pleasure, and he shoots another load from his dick.
The cum is scraped out by Derek's thrusting and comes pouring out.
Kohaku "Ah, ahhh, it feels so good! I, fah, ah, can't get enough!"
Kohaku "Ah, the cum is so sticky... Master, ahhhh, your dick! Your dicks are rubbing together... It feels so good!"
Derek "You're supposed to be the one making ME feel good."
Kohaku "Ah! Agh! Ngh! Ah, kah! Ahhh! I'm sorry!"
Kohaku tries to tighten her pussy as her mind slowly slips away, but she is having trouble controlling her body.
Taking Derek is about the best she can do, and she is at his mercy.
Derek "Don't think you can get out of this with an apology."
Derek says coldly, pulling back before slamming the whole length of his dick inside her again.
Kohaku "Nghaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!? Kah, hah, haaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Meno "Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek!"
Kohaku's whole body convulses.
Below Kohaku, Meno screams, his eyes wide open.
Derek's giant cock is pressing up against her uterus.
The force turns into pleasure, and Kohaku's whole body continues to tremble.
			?A
Close to climaxing, Kohaku manages to turn to Derek.
Kohaku "Oh, ugh, fah, hoh, hoooooooooh! Oh, oh... Master!"
Derek "That's right. Don't cum without my permission."
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhhh! Hngggggggggh! Agh! My stomach! My woooooomb! My womb is being pulled out!"
Derek thrusts furiously while the head of his penis is buried inside her uterus.
It feels like he's fucking her insides and not her pussy.
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhh, I can't do this! Ahhhhhhh! I'm cumming again! I'm going to cum again! Hyaaaaaaah!"
Derek "It doesn't take much for you. I told you not to cum without my permission."
Kohaku "Ahhhhhh! I want to cum! Please let me cum! Please! Please let me cum!"
Kohaku "Let me cum from your big fat dick inside my slutty pussy!"
She screams at the top of her lungs.
She drowns in pleasure as she places the figurative shackles on her mind and body.
Kohaku embraces her fate to fall with her brother as her mind begins to slip away.
Kohaku "Meno! You plead to our master as well! Ahhhhh, ask him to allow us to cum! Eeeeek!"
Meno "Ahhhh, Master! I would like to cum as well! Please allow me to cum inside my sister's pussy with you!"
Meno "Please, Master! I will serve you forever! So please! Let me fill my sister with my seed!"
Kohaku "Yes, please, Master! I will do whatever you say! I will pleasure any customer you ask! I will be your slave forever!"
Kohaku "Please, Master! Ahhhhhh, Master! Please give me your cum! Let me cuuuuuuuum!"
Derek "Never forget those words."
Kohaku "Ahh!? Aieeeeeeeeee! Hngh! Ngh! Hngh! Ahhhhhhh!"
Derek's dick plunges deeper into Kohaku's uterus.
He is so deep inside her that the outline of his dick can be seen on her stomach as Kohaku is overwhelmed with pleasure.
Derek crushes Kohaku's tits in his hands to keep her in place as he pumps furiously.
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhh, Master! I'm going to cum! I'm cumming! My womb can't take it anymore!"
Derek "Okay, I will allow you two to cum."
After saying this, Derek's cock breaks through to Kohaku's uterus.
Splllllrrrrrrtttt! Gshhhhhhh! Bshhhhh, bshhhhh, bshhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Hnghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Nghhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Meno "Hyahhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhh! My diiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiick!"
Kohaku and Meno scream with pleasure until they go hoarse as a jolt of electricity runs through their bodies.
Kohaku's pussy convulses, squeezing Derek's and Meno's dicks together.
The sensation causes Meno to cum, filling Kohaku's insides.
However, Derek cums right after, and Kohaku's uterus is buried in both of their semen.
Kohaku "Hnnnnnnnnngh! Hngh! Haaaaah! Ahhhhhh! My womb! My womb is drowning with your seeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!"
Kohaku "Haaaaah! Oh, my----! Your dicks! They're filling me up!"
Kohaku's body shakes several times as she feels the dicks pulsate inside her.
She can hear the cum filling up her womb.
Her body floats, and she forgets where she is for a moment.
Just then, another wave of cum hits her.
Splllllrrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhh, bshhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Ahhh, ahhhhhhh! I'm cumming again! I'm cumming from your dick juice, Master! I can't stop cumming!"
Her womb is burning hot.
Her whole pussy convulses violently, trying to milk out more cum from the dicks.
Derek "Don't forget, I am your Master."
Kohaku "Yes, yes, yes! I won't forget! I could never forget!"
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Master! My pussy is cumming!"
Meno "I'm cumming too! I will cum with your permission!"
Kohaku and Meno scream and cry as they climax together.
The siblings' minds and bodies are fully satisfied as if they received all the happiness in the world.
Kohaku "Ahh, ah... hah, ah... hah, hah, hah..."
Meno "Ah... hah..."
There is still a numbing sensation down to their toes.
All the strength leaves their bodies, and their shoulders slump as they breathe heavily.
Derek "Hehehe, seems like you're satisfied."
Kohaku "Yes, Master..."
Derek "But this isn't the end."
Kohaku "Hyah!?"
Derek thrusts up into Kohaku's exhausted body again.
The cum drips out of her pussy.
Kohaku's pussy trembles as it massages the two dicks.
Derek "I'm going to discipline you both thoroughly tonight."
Derek "No, one night isn't going to be enough. I'll discipline you the day after and the day after that."
Kohaku "Yes, Master... Thank you..."
Meno "Please look after us......"
Kohaku and Meno look earnestly at Derek as their bodies shake and convulse.
Kohaku's uterus and Meno's dick are aching, waiting for the next climax.
............
......
...
#04_koh015h_koh09
And so some time passes...
Kohaku and Meno decide to live their lives as prostitutes, selling their bodies to make a living.
There are many customers who pay for the siblings. Sometimes they only buy one, and sometimes they buy both at the same time.
And today...
Nobleman A "Hahaha, what's the matter? Try a little harder."
Kohaku "Ah, Meno... Hurry, over here...! My pussy is right here!"
Kohaku holds her pregnant belly as she calls out to Meno.
Kohaku's body is bound to a table, and her movement is completely restricted.
And her brother Meno is being hung from the ceiling, his eyes blindfolded, and his mouth gagged.
Meno is frantically thrusting his hips back and forth while his fully engorged dick sways sadly.
His abnormally large cock is dripping precum down onto Kohaku's body.
Kohaku "D-Diiiiiiick! Meno's dick! His big, fat dick! Put it in my pussy already!"
She lifts her hips as best she can as her body is bound in chains.
However, the head of Meno's dick is still out of reach, and Kohaku's frustration grows.
Nobleman A "Oh, so close! The angle was right though. Hahaha!"
There are many noblemen gathered around Kohaku and Meno.
They laugh as they control a lever.
Nobleman B "Hey, sit still already. You're going to make me miss."
The noblemen control the lever to move Meno's position in the air.
The goal is to carefully aim Meno's dick to enter Kohaku's pussy.
It is a game the noblemen are playing.
Kohaku "Ah, lower! Ah, no! Not there!"
Meno's dick only caresses Kohaku's swollen belly and is having a hard time reaching her slit.
Despite how close he's coming, Meno's swaying body can only graze her, unable to land his dick inside her hole.
It is heart-rendingly frustrating for Kohaku, and her loins are hot with desire.
Kohaku "P-Please! Hurry! Meno's hard dick! Put it inside my pregnant pussy! Meno! Meno! Ah, hurry!"
Meno "Fnghhhhhhh! Nyah! Nghhhhhhh!"
Kohaku isn't the only one suffering from frustration.
Meno is furiously thrusting his hips, pushed by his desire to penetrate her.
Nobleman B "Ah, damn it! I told you not to move!"
Noble C "Let me give it a try."
A different nobleman takes the lever and begins to adjust Meno's position.
Calculating the length of Meno's dick, the distance between brother and sister is closing.
Kohaku "Ah! Ah, ahhh! There! A little more! Ahhh! I feel your dick!"
Meno "Fngh! Muh! Pussy! My sister's pussy!"
The tip of Meno's dick finally makes contact with Kohaku's slit.
There is a hot, sticky sound as it hits her warm insides.
Meno "Sister! I want to put it in! I want to put it in your pussy!"
Meno thrusts his hips, guided by the heat he feels on his cock.
However, Meno's impatience is causing the movement to be sloppy. He has lost all of his composure.
However, his rock-hard dick rubs her groin.
It comes ridiculously close to her slit and makes a lewd, smacking sound.
Kohaku "Meno! Calm down! You're really close! Just try to focus and aim it at my pussy... Ahahhhhh!"
Meno "Fngh! Fnghhhhhhh!"
Meno thrusts his whole body frantically.
The rope holding Meno creaks as the distance between the two of them grows.
Kohaku "Ah, Meno... It's not that way! Look forward!"
Nobleman A "Hahaha, that's mean to say when he's blindfolded."
Noble C "Well, you were inches away. If the brother was a little bit more composed, he could've landed it."
The noblemen laugh and jest.
The more urgent Kohaku and Meno become, the more they find it entertaining.
Kohaku "Meno, calm down. It's my pussy! It's my wet, slutty pussy! Can't you smell it?"
Meno "Uff, fngh, mffffff, fmh, fmh, fmh!"
Meno desperately tries to sniff.
However, the faint female odor only excites Meno more.
Precum drips from the tip of his dick, and he thrusts his hips blindly.
Noble D "Okay, time to end this."
Just then, a different nobleman takes the lever and begins controlling Meno.
Kohaku "Faaaaaah! Ah, ahhhhh! Yes! Just a little more!"
Meno "Ohhhhhhhhh! Your hot pussy! Ahh, it's right there!"
Meno's erect dick finally rubs up against Kohaku's slit from the front.
The tip dives into her slit, and the two shudder with joy.
Noble D "Just a little more. If I just make a slight adjustment..."
Kohaku "Ah, right there! Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry! Just like that!"
Meno's dick touches the entrance of Kohaku's pussy again.
There is another loud, wet sound, and the two of them get excited by the imminent pleasure.
Noble D "Okay, perfect! I just need to time the swaying of the rope!"
Meno "Hmgh! Ghff, kfffff!"
Kohaku "Ah, Meno, right here. My pussy is right here!"
Meno's body is being swung like a pendulum, and it comes closer once again.
This time Kohaku waits for the perfect moment to thrust her hips up to welcome his dick inside.
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhh, yes! Meno, your dick! It's in my pussy!"
Meno "Ahhhhhhhhhhh! Sister! Your pussy! Arghhhhhh!"
A powerful sensation overcomes them.
Her wet, hungry pussy consumes the dick as it enters.
As it tightens around his dick, her pussy juices gush out like a fountain.
The noblemen are praising the one who successfully joined them together.
However, Kohaku and Meno pay no attention.
Kohaku "Ohoh, ohh, Meno! Meno! Deeper! I want it up in my womb where our child is!"
Meno "Hah! Eek! Sister, your womb! I want my dick in there!"
He thrusts his dick toward her cervical canal despite having little command over his hung body.
Kohaku whips back her head and screams as her pregnant womb gets jostled.
Her pussy tightly grips Meno's dick as if to say it's never letting him go again.
It begins to vigorously milk and massage his dick to get him to cum already.
Kohaku "Ah, Meno! Hurry! Cum for me! Give me your cum inside my pussy! Fill me up with your seed!"
Meno "Ah, eeeeek! My dick juice! I'm going to shoot it inside you!"
Kohaku and Meno's carnal lust approaches a climax.
Meno thrusts his dick in and out of Kohaku's pussy as drool drips down his chin.
The head of his dick becomes red and swollen, plunging deeper toward her cervical canal.
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhh! Ah, ahhhhh! Meno! I want to cum! Make me cum with your man milk!"
Meno "Fnghhhhhh! I'm going to cum!"
Meno pumps harder to meet his sister's demands.
The moment the hard head of his dick opens her cervical canal, Kohaku and Meno's bodies bend back simultaneously.
Spllllrrrrrt, bshhhhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhh, bshhhh, gshhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh! I'm cumming! My pregnant pussy is cumming from your dick's juices!"
Meno "Ahhhhhh! It's getting milked out! Your pussy is milking my dick!"
His sticky semen pours into her uterus.
There is an explosion of sensation inside her womb, and everywhere from Kohaku's toes to her hair is set on fire.
White, frothy cum gushes out of her pussy and onto the table.
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhh, it's so hot! I feel your hot jizz pouring into my womb! Ahh! My womb is drowning!"
Kohaku "Meno! Meno! Meno! Ahhhhhhhh! More! Give me more spunk! Give our child your seed!"
Meno "Yes! I'll give you all my cum! Faaaaaaaaah!"
Kohaku's pussy and cervical canal squeeze Meno's dick as it continues to pump out his cum.
Meno's hips shudder as he lets out a scream.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhh, bshhh, bshhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Gah! Eeeeeeeeek! I'm cumming! I'm cumming again from having my brother's cum inside my womb!"
She screams, her chained body convulsing loudly in the overwhelming heat of pleasure that transports her consciousness.
Her pussy grips Meno's dick even harder.
Kohaku "Fah! Ngh! Hah, hah... Ah, Meno... Aff... Your seed... Mfff..."
Kohaku's body jerks and then slowly relaxes again after basking in the afterglow of her climax.
There is a smile on her face, and she gives Meno a loving look.
Kohaku "Ah... How wonderful and warm... The child inside is enjoying the milk from your dick, Meno."
Kohaku "So please fill me up next time as well..."
Meno "Y-Yes, sister..."
Meno replies, still blindfolded and gagged.
There is a faint smile of contentment on his face.
The surrounding noblemen are all laughing and clapping.
However, Kohaku doesn't care.
Meno is right in front of her, and their child is inside her belly.
They will never be apart.
What could be better?")
Kohaku "You feel that way too, don't you?"
Kohaku gives an affectionate smile as she gazes down at her belly and then at Meno.
Then as if in response to Kohaku, Meno's dick and the child inside her both pulsate.
#04_luc001
That night...
Luka is walking the streets of the city. It is something she hasn't done in a long while.
The city is still very much alive with the victory of war, and cheering can be heard all around.
The men, snickering, step into the brothel as if being sucked in one by one.
The Service Nation is now at a rolling boil.
Luka (This is all thanks to the commander. Because of the commander's leadership, we were able to win the battle...)
Luka is proud to have served on the battlefield along with Derek.
There is a bounce in Luka's gait as she walks the streets.
Shopkeeper "Hey! Luka! It's really you! I knew you'd make it back alive! Hahahah!"
Luka "Hmm? Oh, hey! It's been a minute!"
The voice calling out to Luka is that of a familiar barkeep.
He is an ugly man with a lot of flab, but he is also friendly and somewhat approachable in Luka's eye.
Luka responds casually and looks beyond the barkeep to see what is going on inside. His bar, as usual, is very busy.
Shopkeeper "Heheh, as you can see, it's a full house! General Derek is the man! You earned some prestige too, right? Come on in. We've got some great drinks in stock."
With that, the owner offers Luka a mug filled to the top.
Luka "Wish I could. I'm still on duty."
Shopkeeper "Don't be so proper. It's time to celebrate. A toast to General Derek, here, take it!"
Luka "Hell... can't say no to that. Fine, I'll just have the one."
Luka is neither fond of alcohol nor does she have a strong tolerance, but she can't say no when Derek's name is dropped.
Shopkeeper "Now, let's toast to the brave soldiers who brought victory to our Service Nation!"
The barkeep's words are heavy with joviality.
All the patrons in the barkeep raise their mugs and cheer in unison.
Luka "Cheers!"
In a hurry, Luka also raises her drink.
At that, all the toasting sots swill their libations down their hatches.
Luka brings the vessel to her lips and downs it all in one go.
Luka "Nghh... nghh... nghh... pahhhh..."
It is probably a stronger drink than she expected as her chest and throat immediately feel its heat.
Luka takes her leave with a slight stagger as the men cheer and the barkeep sends her off.
Then, a short time later...
Luka "Hmm? What the... how did I... end up here?"
Luka has several more toasts on her patrol.
She thought the long walk would sober her up, but before she knew it, she is in a slum.
It's not just the night that makes the area dark.
The place is cut off from the bustle of the city, and the air is as gloomy and dreary as can be.
Luka "How did I... How did I end up all the way out here?"
The smell of sewage stinks even to her drunken nose.
Brought back to sobriety, she grumbles to herself and turns on her heels.
Girl "Nooooooo!"
Man A "Hah! I've finally caught you."
Luka "Hmm?"
Luka hears the scream of a girl and a vulgar man.
It's a common sight in this part of town.
Despite knowing this, Luka turns right back around to the sound of the voices.
Girl "Stop! Let go!"
Man B "Shut the fuck up! Act like a damn adult!"
Man C "Heheh, I won't let you get away this time."
The girl is about to be pounced on by three men.
Not just any girl. A half-elf with the same dark skin as Luka.
Girl "No! No! Nooooo!"
While crying, the girl struggles to escape from the men.
However, her petite body is no match for three men. It is futile to resist.
Luka "Tch..."
The scene is too familiar and digs up memories from within Luka.
Before she met Derek, she was living in such squalor.
Luka (Well this is a buzz-kill...)
Luka shakes her head to shake off the unsavory memories.
She is no longer the helpless babe she was at that time.
This child also is not her problem.
At least this is what Luka is contemplating when...
Man A "Oh? What the hell? Got somet'in' to say do ya?"
Man B "A lass? Heh, a good lookin' one too, eh?"
They are now aware of Luka's presence. They begin to circle her without dropping the arm of the girl.
Man A "Seems she be a catch indeed. Better than this yappin' brat!"
Man B "Looky here, a wee half-elf got lost? Can ye nae find yer master? Heheh..."
Man C "Fret not, lass, we can be your new masters. Take good care o' ya we can."
The men's interest seems to shift from the girl to Luka in an instant. They look upon her while licking their lips.
Luka "Scum..."
Man A "Heheheh, so what're we gonna do?"
Man B "Wouldn't wanna hurt ya too much, so best be quiet, eh?"
The men laugh and draw knives from their pockets in response to Luka's contempt and anger.
The steel glares in the darkness of the alley.
Man A "It'd be a shame to have a scratch on that perrty face o'yers."
Luka "Huhn!"
Luka doesn't bother to reply but just closes the distance between the man and her in an instant, striking the knife-bearing hand and thrusting the sole of her palm into his chin.
Before the other two can respond, Luka grabs the now stumbling man by the collar and flings him into the other two.
Man B "Hnngg!? You bitch!"
Luka "Ha...!"
Man C "Hnngg!? Baaah!?"
While the second man stumbles, she gives a low kick to the third.
Taking the kick to the thigh, the man leans over in pain. Luka grabs his head with both hands and strikes his knees, knocking him to the ground.
Man B "This cunt... Hnngg!?"
As the second man stumbles to his feet Luka presents him with a back kick.
Luka follows up with a quick stomp to his face. Silence follows a short groan.
The three men are dispatched in an instant.
Luka "Hmm, fuckers..."
Dealing with them does little to lighten Luka's mood.
Regretting that she ever came to such a place, she decides to leave.
Girl "Ah... Um... Thank you..."
Hearing the girl's timid voice, Luka lets out a sigh and stops.
The girl timidly calls out to Luka who turns around.
Girl "For... helping me..."
Luka "I didn't do it for you..."
In fact, Luka initially abandoned the girl and tried to leave the place.
She dealt with them out of anger.
Girl "But... still... thank you..."
The girl then smiled, though awkwardly.
The smile seems to stun Luka for a moment.
She is taken aback by the half-elf girl, growing up in the slums but not lacking gratitude.
Luka "I don't need the thanks. Just get your ass home and with haste."
Girl "Y-Yes, ma'am... I... uhh... I will..."
The girl gives Luka a small wave and scuttles off.
Luka stands motionless until the girl is out of sight.
Luka "Thank you... huh...?"
When Luka was that age, such words had never been said by or to her.
Back then, Luka was just trying to survive until the next day.
Luka "Hahahah..."
Young Luka was running. Running desperately. She was running to get away from those who were chasing her...
But it was impossible for the girl's legs to escape.
Homeless Child A "Hah! Got 'er!"
Luka "Hnng! No! Stop! Let go!"
The slum vagrants catch up and jump on her, roll her over, and pin her to the ground.
She manages to flail her arms and legs in an attempt to escape from under the boy's body, but it is impossible. Both because of the difference in gender and because of the difference in body size.
Homeless Child B "The hell is with you? Some half-elf bitch making me work harder for it!"
Homeless Child C "Wasn't I nice to you the other day?"
Luka "Shut up! Let me go! This... this is..."
Luka blindly flails her hand but it is quickly snatched and held down.
The young girl is about to be raped.
And there is no helping her.
This is the fate of women in the Service Nation. Especially in the slums.
There is no such thing as a chic man who works for women.
Furthermore, Luka is a half-elf.
Dark elves despise humans and don't like to associate with them.
In other words, half-elves, who are the children of such dark elves and humans, are, almost without exception in the Service Nation, unwanted children born between dark elves and humans who are forced to be sex slaves.
They are the lowest of the low, ridiculed as being born into sex slavery and nothing more than cum dumpsters.
There is no help for her.
Yet, Luka refuses to relent.
Luka "I'm telling you to let go!"
No one will help her. She must be able to fend for herself.
Luka opens her mouth wide to bite the boy's pinning hand.
Homeless Child B "The fuck? You crazy bitch!"
Luka "Haumm!"
He slaps her face before the bite can latch.
The pain shocks her and leaves her motionless.
The boy doesn't miss his chance.
He tears at Luka's clothes.
#04_luc002h_luc03
Luka "Khnn..."
The boy mercilessly tears off her clothes and exposes her young, soft skin to the light of day.
Instantly, the boys make a lowly laugh that is not appropriate for their age.
Homeless Child A "Heheheh, titties!"
Homeless Child B "But too tiny."
Homeless Child C "I don't care as long as she's got a pussy to fuck."
The boys are excited by Luka's body and immediately start to grow stiff between their legs.
Even though they are all young, a lengthy shlong is thrust toward Luka.
Luka "Fucker! Don't point that thing at me! Let me go!"
The heat radiating from the boys' dicks makes Luka's skin cringe.
Tearful with disgust and humiliation, she still tries to escape.
Homeless Child A "Ain't you a cocky cum-dumpster. Let's get this shite started!"
Luka "No... No! I said stop!"
Zhun! Guksh!")
Luka "Hannngg! Hnngg! Gehhnn!"
A long slender prick drives itself into her dry slit.
The hot, stabbing pain of having her hole forcibly pried open spreads from her lower abdomen to her entire body.
Homeless Child A "Hnn! Thought so! Tight as fuck!"
Homeless Child B "For all this fuckin' work you better be a virgin!"
Homeless Child C "There ain't no virgin half-elves here! Just fucking living cum-dumpsters."
Luka "Shut... Shut the fuck up! I ain't nothin' like that! Khh!"
While gasping at the searing pain coming from her pussy, she glares at the boys who look down upon her.
But the boys couldn't possibly be frightened of her in this situation.
Homeless Child A "Is that so? So, you'd rather have a cock up in your mouth, eh?"
Luka "Fucker! Hah... Shut your cock traps! This shit... doesn't feel fuckin' good! Hnng... Not good at all! Uh!"
Homeless Child A "Don't you lie. Look, even like this? How can you keep sayin' that?"
Luka "Hnng! Hennngg... khh! Hnnngg... hnn... khff!"
The boy's penis slowly begins to move back and forth in her twat.
She feels it sharply in each of her folds of flesh.
Luka "Stop... Stop it! Hnn... ahh... uh... Stop moving! Hnnngg... ahnnn... ghh! Stop... Ahh... Stop it!"
Homeless Child A "The fuck you on about? I wanna move more!"
Luka "That... Huhnn! That's... No!"
Homeless Child A "I know you're full o'shit. Your pussy is damn tight, you gotta be feelin' it."
Luka "No... No! Hnnngg... ahnnn!"
There is no lie in Luka's words.
There is only pain. Luka's body isn't mature enough to accept penetration.
But the boys don't care.
He proudly thrusts his hips based on his false sexual knowledge that women tighten up because it feels good to them too.
Homeless Child A "See, how's that? You do like getting dicked!"
Luka "Hnngg! Huhh! Uhh... hannngg!"
The movement of the boy's hips gradually increases.
Luka groans strongly while holding back tears of pain and shame as the boy rapes her.
Homeless Child B "Hey, bitch, you should be suckin' my dick too!"
Luka "Hnnng!? Hnmmmhm!? No, stop!"
The boy who is standing next to her thrusts his dick into her mouth.
The smell of filthy shame stings her nose and makes Luka tear up.
Homeless Child B "Quit your complaining! I told you to suck it!"
Luka "Who... would put such a worthless, filthy thing in their mouth!?"
Homeless Child B "The fuck? Don't talk back! Suck it, dammit!"
Luka "Nghhh! This is..."
His foul-smelling dick rubs against Luka's lips.
Despite her goosebumps, Luka bares her teeth to bite at his dick.
Terrified, the boy pulls his dick away just in time.
Homeless Child B "Oh, looky here. You think you're fuckin' smart?"
Homeless Child A "Hmm... Then how about this!"
The boy smiles sinisterly and grabs her hips and plunges his dick deeper inside her.
Luka "Hnngg... huhh! Ahhh... hnnngg... khh... hnk... uhh!"
Her narrow hole twitches in pain and contracts intensely. The boy thrusts his hips deeper.
Her tender flesh feels as though it will ignite from the friction.
Luka "Hnnngg... hnn... kch! It... Hnn... It's hot! It hurts!"
Homeless Child B "Like it, eh? Ready to suck some cock?"
Luka "Who... who would... do such a----hah!"
Unbearable heat and pain spread from her groin through her body.
Still, Luka glares and dodges the cock the boy shoves at her face.
Homeless Child A "She's playin' hard to get. So... let's try this!"
Luka "Hnnn! Hahh... ooohh!"
The boy raping her pussy pushes himself in even deeper.
He rams his cock all the way to her cervix.
A numbing shock, different from pain, pierces through to her brain, and Luka unintentionally opens her mouth.
Homeless Child B "There we go!"
Luka "Hnn!? Pwaahh... pah... uhh!"
The boy screws his cock into her open mouth.
Heat and bitterness paint the tip of her tongue. The smell makes her want to choke as it spreads throughout her mouth.
His cock is bigger than his age would suggest. It plunges to the depths of her throat.
Luka "Hnnngg... Big... Hn! Uhh... huhhhn... hnngg... I can't... breathe..."
Luka's throat is blocked by the cock to the point that it's painful to breathe, and tears well up in her eyes.
The mucous membrane at the back of her throat pulsates as if she is going to vomit, trying to expel the foreign matter.
Homeless Child B "Haaaaah... It's warm and feels good. Fuck yeah!"
The boy's eyes narrow from the pleasure of thrusting his cock into Luka's throat, and he pushes it deeper and deeper.
Luka "Hnmmmff... hmm... No more! Hnng... hmmff... hnnnmmhmm!"
Luka (My throat... it hurts... It's bitter... and sticky... I'm gonna retch!)
His fleshy, filthy reek fills her mouth.
His smegma melts with her saliva and runs down her throat.
Luka (No... this is... no... no... no... no...)
Tears begin to stream out of her eyes. She had never imagined suffering such shame.
But the boys do not care about Luka's feelings. All they are thinking about is their own pleasure.
Homeless Child A "Yah! Her pussy is gettin' tighter! She must love that cock in her mouth! Fuckin' pervert half-elf bitch!"
Luka "Hnngg! Hunnng! Hnmmmf... hnnff! Mhnnng... khhh!"
The boy raping her happily drives his cock in deeper.
Her vulva becomes red and chafed as he fucks her.
All of which the boy finds pleasurable.
Homeless Child B "Hey, the fuck is wrong with you? Work my cock, dammit!"
Luka "Hnngg! Hooohhhh... hmmm!"
The boy raping Luka's mouth begins to face fuck her.
She can feel her gag reflex being pummeled, making her want to puke.
She convulses without control as she struggles to breathe.
Homeless Child A "Hahnn, that's good! Again!"
Homeless Child B "Ooh! Feels great on this end too!"
Luka "Hnhmmm! Hnng... hnnnmmm! I can't... Hnnn... Stop it! Sckkkk... sckkkkk!"
The boys are more aroused by her suffering and start raping her harder.
Her body flails at the sting and ache of her double rape.
She desperately asks for restraint, but the boys do not listen.
Further, there is still another boy waiting to join in.
Homeless Child C "Oh, hell! I can't wait anymore!"
Luka "Hyauh!? No more... Aghhh, muah, sckkk, sckkkk!"
While Luka is orally and vaginally raped, a third boy forces his cock into her grasp.
She tries to avoid it, but the boy won't let her.
Homeless Child C "Come the fuck on! Work it right! Both your damn hands!"
Luka "Hnnn! Khhhh... hnnmmhmm... hnnn!"
With two of her holes filled, she has no idea what to do with a third dick. Luka just wants to run away.
The boy grabs her hand and forces her to move it up and down.
Luka grows frightened as she hears a sticky sound coming from her hand gripping the dick.
Luka (No... no... no... Not... like this!)
She is treated like no more than a sex toy. They spare her no dignity.
Her body is for their pleasure.
Such an unbearable reality, Luka's heart is pierced with shame.
Luka "Nghhh! Gmffff, nghhh, sckkkkkkk!"
She wriggles her neck in a desperate attempt to escape the dick that is raping her mouth.
Responding to this, the boy starts face-fucking her even harder.
Luka flails her legs trying to get the boy out of her pussy but to no avail.
Unfortunately, this just causes her vaginal muscles to contract, further pleasing the boy.
Homeless Child A "Such a tight cunt! Naturally, for a half-elf slut!"
Homeless Child B "She's droolin' on my cock! Right for someone born to be a whore!"
Luka "Mmmm, ngh, nghhhh...! Oh, uh... No! I... I...!!"
Despite the violation of her holes and hands, Luka never ceases resisting.
All her rage comes across through her leer.
Luka "I... Hnn... am going... I... hnnn... Bastards!"
Luka "Sckkkk!? Sckkkk, nghhh, sckkk, pghhhhhh!?"
Homeless Child B "Ahahahah! Keep flappin' your trap! Feels good movin' your tongue o'er my cock! Do it more!"
Luka "Aghhhh! Nghhh! Nghhhhh, mghhhh, sckkkkk!?"
Homeless Child A "Oh, hell, it's like her mouth and cunt are connected. Fuck her mouth more to make her cunt tighter!"
Luka "Hnnngg... ohnnn... shnnnn! Hmhnmm!"
Luka's desperate protests are lost in the throes of the boys' lust.
The boys thrust their hips more and more violently, hitting the depths of her cunt and trampling the back of her throat.
The cock in her hands becomes slimy with precum.
Luka (Huff... hngh! So deep! I fucking hate it! I hate you fuckers!)
The boy's cock hits her cervix. The penis in her mouth reaches her esophagus.
Luka's vision blurs from the pain.
Homeless Child A "Oh yeah, this is the shit."
Homeless Child B "Fuck yeah, she's not losin' a drop!"
Luka "Hgbff, mmm, pbfff, sckkk! Ah, no, hnghhh... nghhh, nghh, sckkkk!"
Luka desperately tries to scream words of refusal despite the cock in her throat.
But this only stimulates the boy further.
Homeless Child B "Hah, I'm gonna... I'm gonna blow my load!"
Homeless Child A "Me too! In her slutty cunt!"
Luka "Muah, ghhh, sckkkkkk! Nghhhmfffffghhh!"
The boys fuck her more vigorously, mingling their fluids.
Writhing in pain, Luka's body reflexively tightens on their cocks.
Then the cock engorges and pumps violently at her contractions.
Spllllrrrt! Bshhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhh!")
Luka "Hmmmnnn! Uhhnn... hnngg... ahhnnn... huhh... hmmm!"
In time with each other, the boys' cocks shoot off their loads of splooge into her cunt, mouth, and onto her hands.
Their hot, reeking jizz stains her body both inside and out.
Luka "Nghhhh, nghhhhh! Bffff, hahhh, ahhh, no more... Agbbbfff, muah, mghhhhhhh!"
The bitterness and fishy smell fill her mouth, his pulsation shakes her lower abdomen, and stickiness stains her palms, making her squirm.
They hold her down as they shower her with the signs of their lust.
Homeless Child B "Look, bitch! Swallow that fucking shit down! Nice'n proper like!"
Homeless Child C "Here too! Work the shaft!"
Luka "Gyah... gyah... gyah... brrrp! Brppp! Nghhh... nghhhh..."
With her throat blocked by his dick, Luka has no choice but to obey the humiliating order.
She raises and lowers her slender throat and drinks up the foul-smelling jizz that overflows into her mouth while frowning.
Her cunt tightens over the dick raping her as she moves her hand up and down over the third shaft.
Homeless Child A "Heheheh, what a good little half-elf slut. Knew you 'ad it in ya."
Homeless Child C "Next time, I'll rape your pussy with this dick!"
Luka (Next time... Next time I'll have my revenge...)
Luka swears this to herself as she is raped.
Later, when they are alone... she will have her revenge.
This is her sole thought as she is face-raped.
Hobo "Hey, what are you doing!"
Homeless Child A "Oh, shit!"
Homeless Child B "Let's scram!"
The boys react immediately to the sudden angry voice of an adult.
They pulled up their slacks and leave Luka there exposed.
She is left there with only her shame.
Luka "Hahh, hahh, ngh... kaff, kaff, kaff... hahh, hahh, ngh, hahh..."
Now that she's free, she coughs out the jizz forced down her throat.
Ooze gloops from her crotch.
Hobo "Kch, those fucking brats."
What looks like a middle-aged vagrant walks up to Luka.
The man has a clear, lewd smile on his lips.
Luka (I must... escape... or...)
She stumbles as her limbs don't move the way she wants them to due to having just been raped.
Her hands slip on the ground because of the jizz.
As she struggles the man grabs her.
Hobo "Ah, gross. All covered in spunk."
The man's heartless words cut into Luka.
He only states his dissatisfaction with Luka's lack of cleanliness.
Hobo "Well, whatever. Just means the hole is already lubed up and ready to go."
Luka "No... No, you fucker!"
Luka kicks the ground to get some distance from the man as he places his hand on his belt.
Brazenly, the man exposes his dick to Luka.
Hobo "You weren't satisfied with those wee pricks, were ya? Here, have a man-sized one!"
Luka "Get that fucking thing away from me!"
Hobo "Don't blame me for you bein' born a half-elf!"
The man grabs her legs and penetrates her in one action.
Luka "Hnnngg... kch... hyaaah!"
A completely erect adult dong, not a child's one like before, is thrust into the slit in her flesh.
Her folds creak as she screams.
Luka's eyes widen, and she gasps in pain at the thick, hot, and hard dick. It is incomparable to the boys'.
Luka "Hnn... hahh... I can't... I can't take this anymore! Hah... ahh... You're tearing me apart... Hah... No more!"
Hobo "This your first time with a grown-up? Your twat seems to be sayin' so."
Luka "Hyaah!? Hnnngg!"
Luka raises her face and screams as the old man shoves himself deeper inside.
Luka "T-That's... Hnngg... hnnnnshh! Naah... hnngg... khh... kch!!"
The man's strength trumps that of the boys' power. It is only second to the dismay of having her legs pried open by him.
His adult cock plunges in, beating her womb and visibly bulging through her abdomen.
Luka "Hnn... hah... hahf... hah... hnngg... kch... hah... hnn... You... hah... fucker!"
Hobo "Hahah! Don't look at me like that! I'll make your stinking cunt feel better than those lads could! I'm just a gentleman like that!"
Luka "Hnnngg! It's... too much... too intense... no more! No! Hyaaah!"
With a slam, the shape of his cock shows through her flesh even more visible.
Fear and pain over her body being torn apart run down Luka's spine.
She feels a sensation similar to floating as though she has become disconnected from her lower half.
Luka's body instinctively stiffens, her cunt tightening are her rapist's cock.
Hobo "Feel good, no? I'll help you orgasm all that you can!"
Luka "Hnng... hyaaah... khh... hnnn... uhnn... naaah... hahh... huhh!"
He tosses her petite form from side to side like a doll. Each impact echoes in her brain.
With each thrust, a cold shock runs up her spine.
Hobo "How is it? Feel good, don't it? Adult cock is much better, eh?"
Luka "No! Hoohh... No! Aahhhnn! Hnnn... hahh... This is... fucked!"
Luka's slit is mercilessly pounded.
As the man rapes her, hot and cold sensations well up inside Luka.
Despite the pain, suffering, and horrific frustration, because of the continuous abuse, Luka's body transforms the pain in order to protect itself.
Hobo "There, now that's a nice voice. More of that!"
Luka "Hnnn! Hyaaah! Hnaaaah!"
At the man's deep thrust, Luka arches her back and raises her voice.
The folds of her cunt contract tightly and tighten around the rapist's dick.
A cold and hot wave bursts out from Luka's lower abdomen.
Luka "Hahh! Hyaaah! This... The fuck is this? The hell?"
A string of saliva drips from the edge of Luka's mouth as she cries. Her eyes are hot and moist, and she exudes the appeal of a woman despite her age.
Clearly, Luka is at the mercy of pleasure.
Hobo "Hahahaha! As expected of a half-elf! Even a brat is a splendid whore!"
Luka "Hey... no! Aaaaah! You're wrong... That's... that's not it!"
Luka shakes her head and sheds tears of denial.
However, her cunt tightens and her cervix sucks on the head of her rapist's cock.
She feels as though everything from her waist to her brain is going to catch alight.
Luka "Hyaaaah! Oh hell... Oh fuck!"
Hobo "Good, you can't resist it, can ya? You want me to jizz up in your cooter, don'cha?"
Luka "Hyaaah... heh... kyaah! Hnaaah... ahh... No... No, not inside me... No! It's too hot! Hahh!"
The penis still expands as if to further expand her cramped twat.
The hot, sore folds of Luka's flesh intertwine with his swollen dick even more fiercely.
The head of his cock swells up, ready to expel its load right into her womb at any moment.
Luka's limbs flail as currents of shock run through her body.
Splllrrrrrt! Gshhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhh!! Gshhhhhhh!!")
Luka "Hnnnh! Khhhnn! Hyaaah... ahh... ahhh... Too hot... No... no more! Uhhh, aaah!!"
Luka arches her back and shouts.
Inside her narrowed hole, the rapist's dick pulsates over and over again while Luka tries not to give in to the painful contractions.
The throbbing cock shoots a load thicker than that of the younger rapists.
Luka "Hyaaauhh... It's too... Too much! My insides... are breaking! Hyaaah! Hnnn!"
Luka's petite body convulses.
Her hole tightens so much it nearly crushes the cock inside of her.
Hobo "Kuh, just like a brat to cum so fast! Like the good li'l whore you are! Got more for ya!!"
Gshhhh! Gshh, gshhhhhhh!")
Luka "Nahhhhhhh! Hot cum again! Hot cum is shooting inside of me again! Ah, ahhhhhhh! Nahhhhhhh!"
The rapist pounds her as deep as he can, pushing his jizz into her womb.
He pumps her full, staining her insides white.
Luka "Hnkh! Ahh... hahh... shnn... hahh..."
A few moments pass before the rapist pulls his cock out.
Thick slime oozes out from her pussy.
Hobo "Haaah... That was pretty good. I'll use you again another time. Thank ya very much."
Luka "Hahh... haffhh... ahhh... hahh..."
Luka's body can only twitch in exhaustion.
Now, she just wants to rest.
Hobo "Could at least say somet'in'. Fuckin' ungrateful half-elf bitch."
The man grumbles and walks away.
Luka exhales with relief at his leaving.
Luka "Hah... Hah... It's over... Ahh... I just... want to go home..."
But Luka has lost all sensation.
Then she hears more footsteps approaching.
Man "Oh, a jizz jar, right here? Huh, already been used... Oh well...?"
Luka "Uhh... ahh... tch..."
Luka can only let out a groan of despair.
............
......
...
#04_luc003
Such are the days in the slum, where you will be raped if you show the slightest sign of weakness.
With no prospects for the future, Luka struggles to stay alive.
One day, however, Luka finds herself at a major turning point.
She is taken in by a certain slaver.
To be more precise, she is kidnapped.
Of course, that doesn't make life any better for Luka.
The half-elves are convenient for sex work, but it is difficult to find a partner who is willing to buy them.
Then, one day...
Derek "So, this is the half-elf I've heard so much about... I see... She has good eyes."
Luka "Tch..."
A large man enters the scene.
Luka can sense that he isn't a muscle-bound idiot, either.
Behind the man is a wolf beastman.
The beastman looks suspiciously at Luka, but the man somehow seems to be relaxed.
He should be if he is toy shopping.
Luka swallows her initial fright and glares up at the man with as much hostility as she can muster.
Luka "............"
Derek "Hmm, fine. I'll buy this one."
Luka "Huh?"
Luka can't hide her surprise at the man's amused smile.
She assumes he is going to be cruel and abusive.
Lucaon "Master, are you really going to buy this one? There was a cuter one over there."
The beastman asks in a somewhat tired voice.
Derek "I'm only looking for a maid to help with the chores. So, interesting is better than cute."
Lucaon "Interesting, eh? Huh, okay."
The beastman shrugs his shoulders giving up the argument.
Meanwhile, the man pays the slaver.
The slave trader has a big smile on his face knowing that Luka has finally paid off.
Derek "Let's go. Follow me."
Luka "............"
The man issues his orders to the now unchained Luka.
Luka silently observes him.
Once again, she can see that he has a well-trained body.
Luka (But that armor... isn't official.)
Luka has dealt with many soldiers in her life. She can tell which unit they belong to just by looking at their armor.
Luka (Not a regular soldier, does that mean he's a mercenary? But I don't think he's a normal mercenary...)
After all, the slaver was humble toward him.
Slave traders, even to customers with money, are not that courteous. First-time customers rarely have the chance to become regulars.
Luka (So... just who the hell is he?)
Derek "Remember this. I hate being kept waiting."
Luka "Uh..."
The statement, very factorial in nature, sullens Luka's heart.
Her instincts dictate that should she prove a nuisance to this man it would be the end of her life.
But that doesn't mean she wants to live a life at his mercy either.
Luka "Someday... somehow... I will escape this fate..."
She mutters this looking up at the imposing man.
Instantly, the beastman from behind, not the man, steps forward and raises his fist.
Luka looks up without closing her eyes.
But the man holds the beastman back with his own hands.
A cold smile appears on his lips.
Derek "I see. I see. You still speak such words after all you've endured. You seem to have more spirit than I imagined. It seems I was right to buy you."
Luka "Tch..."
The man looks down at her, and Luka's mouth instantly goes dry.
With a dry swallow, she looks up at him.
She wonders if she would come to regret what she said, but she suppresses the urge to avert her gaze.
Derek "I see. Your wish is reasonable. But you are too weak to fulfill that wish."
Luka "It's... it's not too..."
Luka nearly breaks down into weeping as she stomachs her powerlessness in the world.
The man, of course, does not comfort Luka but continues to mercilessly slam her with reality.
Derek "Being weak is sinful in itself. This world runs on the theory of the strong. There is no freedom for the weak."
Derek "If you want freedom, you must become strong. Be strong enough to overwhelm the strong ones in your way. Be strong enough to push through with your own will."
Luka "............"
Luka is stunned by his frankness, the simplicity of which seems to ring true for her.
Her head seems to zing hot and numb from it all.
There it is. Luka realizes that her true aspiration must be to become stronger.
She sees the man suddenly extend a hand to her.
Involuntarily, Luka jumps back.
And yet, to her dismay, she is caught in the man's hands.
Derek "If you want to escape from me, you must have enough power to kill me."
Luka "Tch..."
He laughs at her inability to speak.
Luka can only look up at the man.
This is how Luka and Derek met.
Luka "Thanks to the General... I have become stronger indeed."
Muttering, Luka looks at her hand and tries to make a fist.
She feels her hands are too slender for fighting.
However, things are different now in comparison to her youth of oppression. She has the strength to push through with her own will.
Luka (It's all thanks to him.)
Derek had bought Luka only because he needed a maid, someone to help with the chores.
But that was not all.
Luka (I am so lucky to have been chosen by him...)
As Derek had originally intended, Luka did serve as a maid.
But, seeing her appetite for power, Derek also taught her how to use a sword. He gave Luka the ability to fight.
Thanks to this, there is nowhere else to look down upon Luka now.
Luka (I owe all this to Derek. His sermon on strength has proven itself time and again.)
It is for this reason that Luka will always be at General Derek's side.
Luka is so vastly different from the person she was at her lowest point.
A few days later...
Under Derek's orders, Luka keeps tabs on the women he has captured.
Normally, patrols were the role of ordinary soldiers, but since the men of the knightly order, of which there were many rogue soldiers, would molest the woman, the would-be merchandise, it is now Luka's role to patrol the area.
Luka "Not a thing to write home about."
Eleonora "............"
Luka surveys the room where Eleonora is being jailed in.
But this isn't like a prison, no, this is for the upper class. The dressing of this room is nicer than even Luka's quarters.
And there is nothing noteworthy that she observes.
Luka "There anything you need? If so, just say it."
Eleonora "Thank you for your concern..."
Eleonora quietly bows her head at Luca's words.
Her demeanor is gentle. However, her face is still marked with deep sorrow.
Luka "Still thinking too much, eh? Just drop it and embrace the way of the Service Nation. That's all that's left."
Eleonora "If it were only myself... fine... but..."
Luka "But what? If there's something you need I already told you to tell me. The general won't have you guys fallin' apart."
The likes of her are nothing more than objects to Derek.
Eleonora bites her lip as Luka confronts her about that fact.
However, she quickly puts aside her dissatisfaction with the situation and puts her original purpose into words.
Eleonora "There is one thing I would like you to tell me. Are the people in the slums I visited now living without regret?"
Luka "In the... slums?"
Luka raises an eyebrow.
At the word slum, all of Luka's terrible memories come back to her.
Of course, Eleonora notices this as well. However, without looking away from Luka, she stares straight at her.
Luka "That ain't got nothing to do with nothing. None of your business."
Eleonora "No, there are many people there who are sick or injured and unable to work. It is my duty to serve them."
Luka "You're gonna serve in the Service Nation."
Eleonora "No, I have dedicated this body to the weak. I want to save those who have lost their way."
Eleonora puts her hands together and appeals earnestly.
But this only irritates Luka.
Luka "There is no need to serve those people."
Luka "They are losers. They ended up in the slums because they have nothing but weakness. What could you possibly do for them? Don't waste your breath."
Eleonora "Do we need a reason to worry about people?"
Luka "The fuck does that mean?"
Eleonora "I can see it. You're even worried about me."
Eleonora pleads that it is the innate kindness in Luka that makes her speak so.
Those eyes make Luka uncomfortable.
Luka "Oh, come the fuck on. I'm just following my orders. I'm not worried about you, and I ain't chatting it up with you outta the goodness o'me heart!"
Luka's voice raises in frustration. Her eyes and shoulders make her irritation visible.
However, Eleonora accepts Luca's leer with a quiet expression.
Luka clicks her tongue and continues.
Luka "You are worthy enough to be considered a whore by the general. You can't be compared to a worthless slum dweller."
Eleonora "There is no such thing as a worthless person."
Luka "Oh, shut your preachin' ass up! I ain't got the time to go back'n forth with you."
The phrase ?hworthless person?h... makes Luka think of her younger self.
But now she has value.
She is not the same as the slum scum.
With that, Luka stomps out of Eleonora's quarters.
Luka "Who the hell does that bitch think she is? I wouldn't have checked on her if the commander didn't tell me to do so!"
Luka is walking quickly inside the castle while angrily muttering to herself.
The anger towards Eleonora makes her heart sick.
For a while, Luka walks aimlessly through the castle...
A few days later...
Cale Gale "Well, if it's that much money, you're going to need the right quality and quantity, as expected..."
Derek "I have no problem with that. We'll have everything you desire."
Cale Gale "Nothing less would be expected of the admirable Derek."
Luka enters the office as Derek and Cale Gale are having business talks. Cale Gale is a merchant that Derek often does business with.
Luka silently stands in her position, a short distance from Derek.
They continue their discussion unimpeded by Luka's presence.
Cale Gale "So, the demand for young lasses is increasing now. This is where you come into play, Derek."
Derek "Okay. I'll make the arrangements."
Cale Gale nods with a hopeful smile at Derek's reply.
This elation even spreads to Luka.
Luka (Now we're one step closer to realizing his ambitions...)
Slave trade is part of the duties of a knight in the Service Nation.
A portion of the profits generated during these transactions goes straight into Derek's purse.
Thus, his ambitions are funded.
Each coin brings him that much closer to his end goal.
Luka (For my general I will put all I've got into it.)
With the business concluded, it is time for Luka to get to work.
Luka approaches Derek.
Luka "General, are we hunting slaves again?"
Derek "Yes, it would appear so. Ask him to enlighten us about the desired headcount."
Luka "Yes, Sir."
Luka nods and thinking of a meeting with Cale Gale brings one question to mind.
Luka "General, regarding the hunt. I think the surrounding villages and territories may have already been over-hunted."
Luka "I think we hunted and collected from other countries in the last war, where should we hunt this time around?"
Derek "I see yous still don't grasp your position yet."
Derek snickers at Luka for questioning whether there were any places left that could be raided.
Derek "There are many in this very capital that are ripe for the plucking. To the contrary, we may be performing a social service by rounding them up."
Luka "That means..."
Derek "That's right. Go wipe out the slums."
It is a very simple command.
Certainly, when the Holy Alliance first invaded, a large number of residents flowed into the capital from neighboring villages and towns.
Among them, there were many who did not return to their hometowns even after the war ended and ended up staying in the slums of the capital.
Derek "They'll just keep multiplying on their own if we leave them be. We have to clean up the trash once in a while."
Luka "I understand..."
The word slum reminds Luka of Eleonora's face for a moment. The irritation of a few days ago comes back to her at the same time.
She must suppress it and accept the mission.
Derek "Right then, get a move on."
Luka "Huh? Right now?"
She didn't expect it to be so immediate and accidentally questioned her orders.
Derek nods as if it were obvious.
Derek "I know I don't have to say it but I need you to go and find me the most useful products you can."
Luka "Understood, Sir..."
Luka has no objections to whatever Derek might decide.
Luka salutes Derek and leaves the chamber.
Soldier A "Hah! Look at you, all smart hidin' in a place like this!"
Soldier B "Huh, so skinny. How can we sell this?"
Soldier A "Are they gonna feed 'er and fatten 'er up? That don't sound too shabby to me!"
The soldiers hunt and gather women and children, talking lightly as if they were on a little stroll.
To the soldiers, slum dwellers are not even people. They are lower class akin to slaves. There is no way that they would have any remorse in hunting them down.
Luka "......"
Supervising, Luka bites her lip.
Unspeakable frustration lingers in her chest.
More and more women are gathered before her eyes.
They cannot escape. There is nowhere to run.
The main streets are blocked off, and the back streets are guarded.
It is not to keep them from being seen from the outside. It is to prevent them from escaping deep into the slum.
The women of the slums have no means of resistance. They are merely hunted down one by one.
Soldier A "Do we got 'nough to meet the quota?"
Luka "Huh? Ahh... Yeah, looks 'bout right."
The soldier speaks to her, and she casts her eyes on the paper in her hand.
Even absent-mindedly, she still seems to get the job done.
The tally hits Derek's target.
Luka "Alright. Then we will withdraw."
Soldier A "Sir!"
At Luka's command, the soldiers start moving.
The packed wagon begins to creak from how many women are inside.
In that cage-like wagon, a young girl clings to her mother.
The mother hugs her child and promises all will be okay.
The soldier walking beside them makes some kind of crude joke, and the mother and daughter shudder in fear. Seeing that, the soldier grips his stomach and laughs.
Luka "............"
Somehow, Luka takes her gaze away from the mother and child and unconsciously bites her lip again. This time harder.
The day after the hunt...
Luka "......"
That day, Luka is making the rounds of the women Derek has added to his stock.
As always, she must make sure there are no problems, excesses, or deficiencies.
When she comes to Eleonora's room, she asks, ?hIs anything less than satisfactory?"
Luka is all business as usual.
And yet, Eleonora stares at her with concern.
Luka "What is it? If you got something to say spit it out!"
Eleonora "To the contrary, is there anything you find less than satisfactory?"
Luka "The fuck you on about?"
Eleonora "If there is anything weighing on you, won't you share that burden with me?"
Luka "I ain't got shit to share with you."
Luka tries her best to coldly reply to Eleonora, but she just stares at her with quiet eyes.
Eleonora doesn't take her eyes off Luca.
She doesn't ask any more questions. She just stares at her in silence.
Eleonora "............"
Luka "............"
Luka awkwardly looks away from Eleonora.
Then she turns her head down and finds herself saying a few words.
Luka "I came here to hunt women..."
Eleonora "And?"
Luka "I've raided the neighboring villages and towns to boost the supply of whores for the Service Nation. But..."
Luka confesses to hunting women in the slums.
She confesses to hunting the very people Eleonora wants to help.
She confesses all this expecting Eleonora to criticize her.
However, Eleonora only turns a gaze of pity toward Luka.
This also increases the frustration that rumbles in Luka's chest.
Luka "Who the hell are you to look at me like that!?"
Eleonora "You are actually aware of it, aren't you?"
Luka "W-What are you on about?"
Eleonora "You realize that the Service Nation is wrong, don't you? That's why you're suffering so much..."
Eleonora stares at Luka with eyes of pity and reaches out her hand to comfort her.
Luka swats her hand away.
Luka "Fucking fool! The strong dominate the weak! That is the nature of the world!"
Eleonora "That may be true, but that is no different than how animals live."
Eleonora "We are people. People have intelligence. We have reason as well as instinct... Right?"
Eleonora speaks as if gently instructing Luka.
Luka wants to respond, but no words come out.
Eleonora "I believe what separates humans from animals... is reason. That is why as a person one should have an issue with the existence of the Service Nation."
Eleonora "If you are strong, you can do whatever you want, and you can oppress the weak... That kind of thinking is wrong. Even the weak have the right to live happily."
Luka "If that's the case... then why don't you just get stronger!"
Eleonora "You don't see. People have the right to be happy even if they remain weak."
Luka "Oh, come one. That's a load of bullshit and you know it!"
That's the exact opposite of what Derek says.
Her words are an impossibility for Luka.
But it does remind her of her younger self. She wonders if there was a chance that girl could have had a happier life.
Eleonora "This country is wrong. You realize that too..."
Luka "Oh, shut your cock trap! You're wastin' time with that bullshit."
Eleonora's words seep into Luka's mind. It is somewhat frightening to her.
As if to escape, Luka leaves the chamber.
Luka "The fucks wrong with that bitch?"
She stomps down the hall.
She comes to regret telling Eleonora what she has done.
She almost wants to slap herself as she wonders if she has lost her nerve.
Luka "First, the hunt of these bitches is only to fuel the general's ambition. They should be happy to contribute."
Luka "I didn't do anything wrong. Totally. There is no wrong or right. Only strength and failure."
Luka clenches her fists and sternly reassures herself.
Then Luka suddenly realizes that the stairs leading to the dungeon are nearby.
In the basement, the slaves captured today are bound.
Luka (To look upon these wenches...)
To look upon them might do away with her doubts of strength and failure.
With that in mind, Luka descends the steps.
Daughter "Oh no, please stop already! Mother!"
Prison Guard A "Heheh, don't you cry missy. You could learn a thing or two from dear ol' mom. Like putting your hips into it!"
Daughter "Hnngg! It hurts... It hurts!"
Luka "Huh!?"
She is halfway down the stairs when she hears the screaming.
She panics and rushes the rest of the way down.
Luka "The fuck are you guys doing?"
Prison Guard A "Huh? What'cha bargin' in here like that all sudden for?"
Prison Guard B "She works for General Derek. Why are you down here, eh?"
Luka finds the guards raping the captives.
Hearing Luka's angry voice, the men stop dead in their tracks.
The women flee to a corner of the chamber and freeze.
Luka glances over them and glares at the prison guards.
Luka "These women belong to the general. They should be waiting for shipment now."
Prison Guard A "Huh? You mean to say General Derek?"
Prison Guard B "He's the one that said we're free to punish them as necessary so long as we don't mar the goods o'course."
Luka "Tch..."
This doesn't sound like a falsehood to Luka. It is within the realm of possibility.
Derek isn't very preoccupied with women.
He doesn't care about the process as long as he gets the results he wants.
In fact, having a woman for every man, even the guards, might bolster his means.
Luka (Then... if I fuck up I could end up here too...)
That would be her fate for defying Derek's orders and standing in the way of his ambition.
But...
Daughter "Hnn... Uh... Oh, mother..."
Mother "It's okay. It will all be okay..."
The figure of the huddled mother and daughter catches Luka's eye.
She has seen this scene many times.
But now, her heart aches for some reason.
She cannot abandon them.
The pain in her chest is beyond reason.
Eleonora "Even the weak have the right to live happily."
Eleonora's words come back to haunt Luka.
Luka shakes her head and tries to expel those words from her mind.
But she can't abandon them. The child and mother...
Prison Guard A "I ain't sure what you're up to, but are you tryin'a tell us to lay off them?"
Luka "That... That's right."
Luka answered affirmatively to the guard's question.
With a grin, the prison guard laughs disgustingly.
Prison Guard A "I see... Then... you ready to take their places?"
Luka "The fuck!?"
Prison Guard A "Well, you got yer choice. So, either suck this cock or get out o'the way."
Luka "Khh..."
The prison guards surround Luka with smirks and laughter.
Considering the situation, it would be predictable for Luka to leave.
She has no reason to trade her position for the mother and daughter.
That mother and daughter are weak, so even if they are oppressed by the strong, they should accept it.
While thinking so, Luka looks at the mother and daughter hugging each other.
Prison Guard A "So, what's it gonna be, eh?"
Luka "Fine, I can do this. But I will hold you to your word."
Luka has made her choice.
While struggling to comprehend the choice her heart has made, she begins to slide off her undergarments for the men to see.
#04_luc004h_luc04
Luka "There... have your way with me."
She takes off her own undergarments and thrusts her firm ass out for the prison guards.
Immediately, the men erupt in vulgar cheers.
Luka (To put up with such bastards...)
Luka sighs, thinking about how things have developed in a fashion she wouldn't have imagined just moments ago.
As feelings of discomfort towards the guards swell within her, she glances over at the huddled mother and daughter.
The mother holds her daughter tight in her arms. Sadness paints her face as she holds her offspring to her chest. She is trying to hide her daughter's eyes from what is unfolding before them.
Seeing this, Luka tries to convince herself this is all alright.
Prison Guard A "Cheerio! I'll have the first go a'er!"
Cock throbbing and exposed, the man avails himself behind Luka.
As she feels the heat of his schlong on her ass crack, she gyrates her hips showing her annoyance.
Luka "Hold on, the front hole is for the commander, got it?"
Prison Guard A "What's that? Already barin' yer ass and making requests?"
Luka "Don't worry... rears just as good."
At Luka's words, the guard clicks his tongue dissatisfied.
However, a nasty grin appears on that dissatisfied face.
Prison Guard A "Then why don't you ask for it nice'n proper? If you want someone to fuck your back alley you gotta ask for it, right?"
Luka "The fuck?"
Prison Guard A "It's not like we even wanted to fuck you, right?"
The guard ostentatiously shifts his gaze to the mother and child.
The mother holds her breath and hugs her daughter tightly.
Luka (I'm guessing...)
As Luka's irritation and anger boil over, she just wants to cut him down where he stands.
But she can't. Even these men are Derek's. Luka makes up her mind as she clenches her teeth.
Luka "The pussy belongs to the commander... so you gotta fuck me in the ass."
While saying that, she raises her waist up high.
She tries to relax and open her asshole on her own.
Luka "Come on now, plow me right with that rigid rod o'yours. Fuck my ass. Dick me right."
She looks back over her shoulder at the guard and tries to entice him by twitching her hips.
Prison Guard A "Heheh... well, since you asked so kindly, I guess I can do ye the service. I'll sample that asshole o'yers."
The man smiles wickedly and grabs Luka's ass as she grinds her teeth in shame.
Luka "Hnng... huff... hnnmmmff..."
His cock dives in as her sphincter squeaks.
Luka feels her rectum widen as he dives in and the sensation spreads throughout her lower hemisphere.
Luka has a lot of anal experience, but it never gets less uncomfortable.
Still, Luka exhales and squeezes her sphincter.
Prison Guard A "Uhhnn... The fuck... This hole's this tight? I don't..."
He squeals with delight and plunges his dong deeper as it swells larger and harder.
Luka rocks her hips to work the dick more.
Luka "Hahnn... khnnn... hnn... hahnnngg..."
Prison Guard A "You like it, bitch? You like that cock up in your ass?"
Luka (How can you go on like that even now?)
Luka is dumbfounded at his ego.
His cock isn't even one in a dozen, let alone brag-worthy.
She knows quite a bit more about more noteworthy cocks. However, she knows better than to say as much... to the contrary...
Luka "Hah... ahh... hnmmff... uhh... hnnn... Your big ol' dick... feels good... So good... It's hard... Hard in my ass..."
Luka does her best to please the man's ego, despite there being no truth in her praise.
To work him over even more, she tightens her ass on his cock.
Prison Guard A "Hahhh... Okay! There we go! Here, let me give ya some more!"
Luka "Kuhh... hnkk... hnnff... huhh! Haahh... hnmmff... ahnnng!!"
He violently rams his rod into her rectum.
Despite the hot pain numbing her hips Luka still squeezes her anus hard on his dick.
Prison Guard A "The fuck is this! I ain't never had an ass like this!"
Luka "Hnnkkh! Hnnn... hahhh... hnn... ahh... ahhh... hnnn... ahh... My... ass... Hnn!"
As the guard gets into the rhythm, he starts thrusting his hips harder.
The lining of her colon stays in the shape of his cock.
The head of his cock prods her womb through the thin walls of her rectum.
Luka's ripened body readily receives the pleasing stimulation.
Her lower abdomen grows hotter with each thrust. She feels sweet, tingling sensations swelling up in response to the stimulation penetrating her core.
Prison Guard A "Hnn, what raunchy moans. You like my dick, do ya?"
Luka "Hnn... ahh... Oh, yeah... Gimme more! Hahh... More o' that dick!"
Luka looks back as she eggs him on.
Looking up, she sees him howling like a beast.
Luka (This fuckin' joke. Couldn't please an ant with that prick...)
Luka panders to the man in order to finish him quickly even though she hates him with all her heart.
Luka "Your... hnn... awesome dick... I need more of it!"
Luka "More... deeper... ah, yes, there! There! Deep inside my asshole!"
Prison Guard A "Hooohh!"
He laughs it up, completely unaware of her acting.
The sound of flesh on flesh echoes through the prison.
Luka "Hannnhmm... hnngg... Hnhhaah! Such good... gooooood dick..."
Luka "Hnnn! The way you fuck my ass... Ahh! Just too hot... Give me more!"
Luka thrusts her hips in sync with the guard.
It's not just the rhythm working him over, every thrust makes her tighten on his cock stronger.
The contraction of Luka's well-trained sphincter muscles quickly takes him to his limit.
Prison Guard A "Ah, fuck! I'm... I'm gonna blow already!"
Prison Guard B "No way, too fuckin' quick!"
Prison Guard A "Hah, fuck damn! Her ass is too damn much! Hoooh!"
His dick twitches uncontrollably as he fucks her ass.
Luka "Hnnngg! Hnnn... ahh... hannnn! Ahh... ahh... ahh!"
Luka (Come the fuck on! What the hell do you think you have to offer, you son of a bitch?)
Pleasure swells up in his cock in proportion to the intensity of the thrusts.
His movements are easily registered in her rectum.
Her asshole and abdomen throb in active hatred.
Prison Guard A "Here I go! I'm gonna cum!"
Luka "Oh, fuck! In my ass! Ahhh... Cum in my ass!"
Imitating pleasure, Luka gasps and clenches her rectum.
Spllllrrrt! Bshhhhh! Gshhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhh!")
Luka "Hnn! Ahh... naaah!"
His cock gushes hot splooge into her rectum.
The spreading heat pierces deep into her lower abdomen.
Luka "Oh, hell... you're cumming... so much... So very much... It's so hot!"
The familiar sensation of hot white jizz seeping in is converted into some kind of pleasure.
No matter how Luka resists, there is always some trace of physical pleasure to be found.
Luka "Hnn! Hahnnn... khh... haaah! Aahh... hehh... So... much... jizz... Hnnn!!"
In throes, her body convulses until she finds herself on the brink of orgasm.
Her rectum tightens around his cock, begging for more cum.
Luka "Hahh... hah... hnkh... naaahh..."
When he concludes his spasms, he pulls his cock out, letting jizz flow out of her gaping ass.
Cloudy muck drips from her ass to her thighs.
Prison Guard A "Oh, that was a good one. You liked it too, didn'tcha, ya filthy whore?"
Luka (So arrogant for such a worthless cock...)
Despite her true feelings, Luka fulfills the man's obvious desires.
Luka "Oh... it felt good. But your dick... Hnnn... I didn't think it... would feel that good..."
She smiles slightly as she says that.
At that, his pecker is immediately erect again.
Prison Guard B "Hey, hey! I'm next up! I'll show you a better time than this shrimpy fuck can."
Luka "Oh, big boy. I'm so lookin' forward to it."
Luka shifts his gaze to the second man and raises her ass to him as she narrows her eyes.
Luka "Hnnngg... hnkh! Hahhhh!"
True to his word, it is harder and bigger than the first guard's.
Luka grips the bars tightly in pain as her anus is gaped.
Prison Guard B "What'cha think? Nice'n big, ain't it?"
Luka "Hahhnn... Oh yeah, so fucking good. Haah... I can feel my asshole... hnn... changing shapes... to match your cock... Hahh..."
Her words properly escalate the man's arousal.
Of course, it's all bullshit.
It's big, sure, but nothing compares to Derek's.
His hardness, heat, and strength are beyond compare.
The second guard would never know Luka's true thoughts as he is blinded by his own ego and enthusiasm.
Prison Guard B "Hah, slid right in. You certainly have a slutty asshole, ya do."
Luka "It's... hnmmm... my pleasure. Naah... Now it's time... to really get started..."
With her signaling, Luka clenches her ass muscles and squeezes her anus with all the might she can muster.
The guard feels her colon constrict and wrap around his dick.
Prison Guard B "The fuck? I didn't even know this was an option! Ain't ne'er felt this shit before!"
His pitch raises matching his excitement as Luka works his cock.
Luka "Hah... Oh, fuck... I feel it... your cock hitting my cunt... hnn... from the other side... Ah!"
Luka's mouth reveals words of real pleasure much to her dismay.
She doesn't desire any pleasure but can't turn it off as she feels the guard's cock rubbing her cunt through her colon walls.
As if wanting more, her hips move on their own and try to pull his dick in deeper.
Luka "Hnnn! More! Deeper! Kuhhhaa! Like... like that... Ahh... heaaah!"
Prison Guard B "Hahahah! Like it that much, do ya? Yer ass feelin' that good, eh?"
The guard taunts Luka and her reaction to his cock in her.
Luka grits her teeth in frustration but steels herself, knowing that she should continue to pleasure the bastard.
Luka "Hahhh... Oh, yeah, big man. Feels so good. Fuck me harder! Hanh!"
Instead of unconsciously like before, Luka consciously begins to gyrate her hips more forcefully.
She also consciously tightens her asshole as she moves.
Then, with a tearful voice, Luka beguiles the man.
Luka "Your cock is just too big! I can feel it... hah... hitting my cunt... through my asshole! Hannnn!"
Prison Guard B "Hooohh!"
As Luka intended, the man howls.
The pace picks up. She can feel the head of his cock swell with arousal inside her rectum.
Luka "Hoaahh... How? Your cock... is getting even bigger... hahnnn... in my... hahh... hn!"
Luka "Faster! Hahh! Cum for me! Fill my ass with your cum!"
The heat in her body intensifies as if in proportion to the intensity of the pounding.
The line between her act and the truth becomes less clear.
As if encouraged by the swelling heat, the sensation of climax swells up.
Luka is frustrated but will not fight against such pleasure.
In order to quickly satisfy the man, she squeezes his dick with such force that she almost crushes it while nearing her own climax.
Luka "Please... Ahh... Give me more! Faster! Cum in me! Hnnn... Cum in my ass! Hnnngg!"
Prison Guard B "Kuhaaa... Here I... Here I go!"
The guard's whole body shivers as she tightens her sphincter.
Spllllrrrt! Bshhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Luka "Hahhh! I feel you cumming! Hnnn! So good!"
The head of his cock swells up inside her and spews forth its foul muck.
The hot cum stings with heat inside her intestinal walls.
The shivering heat makes Luka arch her back with a snap.
Luka "Hahh... No fuckin' way... Ahh... I... I... Hah!"
Luka "I'm cumming! I'm cumming from having you cum in my asshole! Hahhh!"
Pleasure swells up all at once, and Luka reaches a true climax before she can stop it.
The pleasure seemingly melts her mind and wits.
She regrets letting in pleasure from such a wretched source like this.
Luka "Kuhh... hannn! Hahhh... tch... hnnn... hahh... huff..."
As he pulls his cock out, her gaping rectum lets mirky splooge run out of her body.
Body beaded with sweat, Luka shivers at the sensation.
Prison Guard B "Fuh... Bloody hell, ain't never had anal like that 'fore. How was it? You likin' that cock, eh?"
Luka "Ah... Oh... it was amazing, of course..."
At Luka's flattery, the man nods with a grin.
Thinking about how stupid the two guards are, Luka is dumbfounded as she catches her breath.
A little praise is all they need. It's like taming stupid animals.
Luka (Whatever... That's two left... Let's get this over with...)
Luka takes a deep breath and shifts her gaze to the other two.
Luka "Which one is next?"
She thrusts her buttocks toward them and twerks.
The men stare at Luka's still-open anus and laugh.
Prison Guard C "What a slut, ain't she? But hasn't that hole already been cum inside of twice?"
The man meaningfully moves his gaze back and forth between Luka's asshole and face.
Luka immediately understands what the man wanted and snickers internally.
She hates that they're getting ideas but knows it could mean trouble if she denies them.
Luka "Oh, that's too bad, ain't it? To ask you to follow up after them two?"
Luka's abdomen tenses as she mocks an apology.
Luka "Hukh... kuhh... hnkkh... hn!"
Luka's abdomen tightens and her anus trembles.
Before the guard's eyes, Luka's anus spreads wider and wider from the inside.
It is obscene. It is as if a wild creature had opened its mouth.
Prison Guard A "Ah, and I already bloody fuckin' came!"
Luka "Hnnn... S-Sorry..."
While apologizing, she puts more strength into her lower abdomen.
Luka "Hnnngg... khh!"
Her sphincter audibly groans as it stretches before them.
Luka "Hnnhaaa! Aahh... hnnngg!"
Luka shakes her head violently in humiliation at the vile sound her own asshole makes.
A white fluid gushes out from the gaping hole that is her anus.
Sprt!")
Luka "Hnnaaah! It's so... Hnng... hmmm... uhhnnn!"
Prison Guard C "Bwahahaha! It's like she's shittin' spunk!"
The guards laugh out loud.
It is so frustrating and shameful. But she can't even raise her voice in anger.
Luka "Hwaaaah... hnnn..."
Luka just keeps excreting the cloudy liquid while trembling in humiliation.
Luka "Hnnaaa... hahh... hahh... hah... hnn... hahh..."
With one more squeeze, the last of the muck dribbles out of her rectum.
Luka's face is dyed red in shame as she excretes the goo from her insides.
Still, Luka is not deterred and once again raises her ass to the men.
Luka "Come on... all good now, yeah?"
Prison Guard C "Well, I suppose. Oh, what the fuck."
The guard smirks and goes behind Luka to put his cock in her ass.
And...
Shllllp! Gshhhhh!")
Luka "Hhnyaaaah!? Ahh... hahh... hyaaaah... hnn!"
Not her ass nor her ass crack, she feels the cock in a different cleft.
The guard rams his swollen cock into her dripping cunt.
She feels like she is going to erupt as she feels the pressure of it pushing into her pussy.
Luka (Hahh... Oh, no... no... not like this... Hnn!)
Luka "Kuhnnn! Hehh... hnnn... hnnggg!!"
Convulsions run through Luka's body.
Luka reaches climax while squeezing the muscles of her whole body.
Prison Guard C "Hnn! Oh, fuck, that shit's tight! Pussy is best, ain't it!?"
Luka "Hnn... Oh, fuck... Stop... Don't move... Hahh!"
Before the wave of climax can recede, the man begins to thrust.
She feels his cock like a steel rod tearing her pink folds apart.
Contrary to Luka's heart, the folds of her flesh erupt with joy at the stimulus finally given and tightly embrace the guard's cock.
Prison Guard C "Heh, looks like your kitten is 'ungry, ain't she?"
Luka "No, not like that... Hnn! I said my ass! Hnn! This ain't alright! Hah... Pull it out! Out! Hahh!"
Perhaps it is because of all the anal stimulation, but with each thrust, her clarity of mind seems to melt away from the burning pleasure she experiences.
A feeling of pleasure fills her lower abdomen like an old itch getting scratched times one hundred.
The urges and desires are irresistible.
Luka "Kuhh... hahh... hnnn... hnnnmmm... ahh... That's not good... Stop... Hyaaah... hn!"
Prison Guard C "The fuck you on about? I'm gonna blow my load in your slutty hole!"
Luka "Uh, aaah... hehh... hyaaah... hnnngg! Haaah... ahhh... Stop... Stop it! Ooohh... uhhnn!"
The guard's movement accelerates at once, pounding harder and faster.
He pounds her cervix. The thuds of it echo in the cells.
Her uterus is also descending as if begging for his jizz.
This makes it easy for his cock to reach her cervix, making the impact feel even harder.
Luka "Hyaah! Ahh... haaah! What the... What's happening to me?"
Luka shakes her head violently and rejects the pleasure.
But her uterus begins to throb even harder. It can't stop pleading for him to pour his spunk into her quickly.
Her vaginal flesh follows its instructions, groaning, biting at his cock, and squeezing his rod.
Prison Guard C "There we go. As you wish. I'll pump that twat full o' this shit!"
Luka "No! Hahh... ahh! Not... Inside! Hnn... No! Hahh!"
Her mind and body react to the idea of his cum.
Imagining that moment, Luka's whole body trembles with anticipation.
Prison Guard C "Hooohh! Here I go!"
Luka "Hnnn!! No! Stop! Hahh... Not inside... Haaahh!"
Pleasure swells up. Like a filthy stream, it carries her away.
And...
Spllllllrrrt! Gshhhhh! Gshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhh!")
Luka "Hnn! Ahh! So hot! Hyaaah! Ahh! You're shooting your... hot load!!"
Steaming hot spunk fills her hole.
In an instant, her uterus is filled with intense heat. It is as if her entire body is on fire.
Luka "Hnn... No... No! Not... not like this... Hah... I... I..."
She feels she must endure. She must not give in.
Luka "I'm... going to cum! Hah... So much... So much cum inside... my pussy... I'm... I'm going to----!"
Luka "Ahhhhhh!!"
An even greater wave of climax sweeps over Luka.
As if matching the pulse of his cock, Luka shudders as her body is devoured by pleasure.
Luka "Kuhh... hnn... ahh... hahh... hahnnn... huff... hn..."
After what feels like an eternity, he pulls his cock out of her cunt.
Like her anus, her vaginal opening does not close. A gush of cloudy liquid flows out from her wide-open slit.
Prison Guard C "Your ass seems good, but your pussy is top-notch. Brag worthy I'd say!"
Luka "Hnn..."
His taunts fill her with rage and frustration as she glares at him.
Prison Guard C "I say somet'in' not to yer liking? What would you have me say after a treat like that, eh?"
While saying that, the guard glances at the mother and daughter who are cowering in the corner of the prison.
Luka questions why she's even put herself in this position.
But with the answer clearly visible, she has no choice but to play along.
Luka "Hah... You came so much in my cunt... Thank... Thank you..."
Even though her voice trembles with shame, she expresses her gratitude.
The prison guard looks down at Luka with a grin and nods with satisfaction.
Prison Guard D "Heheh... Lookin' good, ain't she? Now, beg for it. Beg, dammit!"
The last remaining guard laughs maliciously.
Even though Luka grinds her teeth in disgrace, she raises her jizz-covered crotch and offers it to him.
Luka "Hah... Please... fuck my ass. Put your dick in me..."
Prison Guard D "Oi, oi, are you still on about your ass? Even after gettin' your cunt plowed?"
The man bends down to get a good look at her pussy.
Humiliated, Luka grips the bars again.
Luka "Ahh... Asshole... or cunt... please help yourself. Just give me... your dick... hah..."
Luka stands lightly on tiptoe and puts strength into her nethers.
Her holes are presented for the guard to choose from.
Her slimy membranes sheen obscenely in the light of the scene.
Prison Guard D "Heheheh, pussy for me it is, boys!"
Luka "Hahh... Hnn! So strong! Hnnn... So fast! Hahhh!"
He rams his cock deep inside her and begins to thrust.
After having hit orgasm once, Luka's pussy feels burning pleasure from being rubbed with the prominent head of his cock.
Try as she might, Luka can't help but let her hips gyrate with pleasure.
Prison Guard D "Heheheh, that's some good pussy! Really loves the dick, huh?"
Luka (Hnn... This fucker... Wretch... Son of a... Hnng!)
Luka is frustrated that she cannot escape the pleasure of her flesh.
She believes this is not supposed to feel good.
But as the cock pistons inside her, ramming into her cervix over and over, she can't resist the sensations welling up in her body.
Luka "Hyahh! Huhh... heeaaah! Hnnn... ahh... Enough... Enough... Hn!"
Prison Guard D "Oh, what's that, lass? Want it deeper? I can oblige meself!"
Luka "Hnnn... ahh... Good... It feels good! Heaaaah... ahh... It... feels too good... Hahhh!"
She cannot stop the cries of pleasure from escaping her lips. Worse yet, it's not just words.
Her cunt tightens on his cock as if begging for more stimulation.
Luka (Hahh... No... this... This is to get him finished faster... for that damn mother and daughter... Hn...)
With tears of shame in her eyes, Luka glances at the mother and daughter in the corner of the prison.
The daughter is held tightly by her mother. The mother keeps her child's back turned to them, shading her from the foul scenario playing out.
This gives Luka a slight sense of relief.
This lets her relax her inhibitions just a touch.
The flames of pleasure flare up fiercely as the guard's cock strikes her womb.
Her cunt clamps down on his cock.
Luka "Hahh... I can't stand it anymore! Hnn! Your cock... is so deep... in my... Hahh!"
Prison Guard D "Good girl, now ain'tcha? Alrighty, I can pump you full of cum too!"
Luka "Hyaah! I can... I can feel it... your dick... Hnn... It's getting bigger... inside me... Hnnng!"
The guard starts pumping faster, forcing mingled fluids to slap out of her slit and splat to the floor.
His cock swells to the point that it looks like it could burst at any moment.
Prison Guard D "I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum in your cunt too!"
Luka "Inside... ahh... inside my... my cunt! In my womb! Haaahh!"
She shouts, and her hips twist in her throes.
Her cunt audibly tightens on the guard's cock as though trying to crush it.
His dick pulsates in response.
Spllllllllllrrrrrt!! Bshhhhh, bshhhhhhhhh!")
Luka "Nnaaah... ahh... kuhh! I feel it coming... You're cumming in my cunt! There's so much jizz!"
He rams his swollen cock as deep inside her as he can to spray his load right into her womb.
The pulsations, the heat, the cum, and the sweat all make Luka bend and cry out.
Luka "Ahhh... No... I can't... I can't handle it... hahh... anymore... No! No! I... I... Hnn!!"
Luka "I'm going to cum! Cum! Hnnn! So much cum... inside me... is making me cum!! Hahh!"
An explosion of uncontrollable pleasure repeats itself in her womb.
Each time, Luka's whole body winces. She screams out over and over again.
Luka "Hahh... hah... haaahh... hnn... hnn... Thank you... for using... hah... for using my cunt... Hn..."
She thanks the guard as she drips sweat and jizz from her slit.
The man smacks Luka lightly on her ass, saying that it was quite good.
Luka (Kuh... uhh... Fucking lower than low... scum of the earth... Finally... it's over...)
It is finished. With this, Luka consoles herself.
However, the first man grabs Luka's trembling hips.
Luka "Huh? What are...?"
Prison Guard A "Oh? Who said it was over? I ain't even sampled that slice of elf pie yet!"
Prison Guard B "Damn right, gotta know how it compares, hah!"
Prison Guard C "One last time, try whichever one you like!"
The men boast and laugh together as their cocks slither between their legs.
With a sigh, Luka lets a sigh escape from her gritted teeth.
Luka "Whatever... do as you wish..."
As if in semi-resignation, Luka brings her hips up for them again.
............
......
...
#04_luc005
Luka "Well, fuck. Help yourself why don'tcha..."
Luka prepares herself mentally and sighs.
She can't help but frown as her whole body reeks of spunk.
Not only that. The whole prison reeks of it.
The prison guards who raped Luka are nowhere to be seen.
Fully satisfied, they said they were going out for a drink. This is not the behavior of a dutiful guard.
Luka "What fucking trash..."
Luka mutters in disgust, grimacing.
Her cunt and ass throb.
Even worse, the dripping jizz just doesn't seem to stop.
Luka snickers and even more oozes out.
Mother "I... I thank you."
Luka "Hmm? Ah, well..."
It is the mother squatting in the corner of the prison, waiting for everything to pass.
Luka doesn't know what to say when she sees the mother's face fill with relief.
Luka "Whatever... I wasn't trying to help you..."
Making excuses that sound as if they are not excuses makes her even less comfortable.
Thinking there's nothing left for her here, Luka gets up to leave.
Daughter "Uh... umm... Ma'am?"
Luka "What now?"
Luka stops mid-pace as the daughter calls to her.
The daughter timidly looks up at Luka and gulps.
Daughter "Um... Thank you very much..."
It is the same as the mother. The daughter also bows her head.
Luka "Whatever. Still wasn't for you."
Daughter "But..."
Luka "No need to thank me. That's all I'm saying."
Hearing the irritation in Luka's voice, the girl bursts into tears.
It also makes Luka's heart tremble.
Luka (The fuck is goin' on here? How did I get caught up in this mess? Seriously...)
Luka doesn't even understand herself.
After all, she was the one who caught these two.
It's beyond comprehension that she would suddenly take the violation on herself on their behalf.
It might have been better if she never trapped them to begin with.
Luka (Oh, what the fuck...)
Not getting caught is not an option.
Because it was Derek who ordered the hunt. Luka doesn't have the option of contesting his orders.
Still, she stuck her cunt out for these two.
Luka (Am I questioning the commander's orders? Is that why I helped these two? What about me hunting down in the slums?)
Luka (Fucking idiot! What am I thinking? There is no going against the commander's orders!)
The hunts are necessarily part of Derek's plans.
After all, this is the Service Nation. It is natural for the weak to be eaten by the strong.
Luka (Besides... it's too late to think about changin' sides now...)
Thus Luka tells herself.
She takes a few deep breaths to try and calm herself.
Luka "Don't even think such stupid shit. You are commodities. I didn't help you. I did it just to keep your value from dropping too much."
Luka "You should only consider how to get the highest bid you can. For the commander's sake."
Luka takes her leave without waiting for a reply.
Derek "It's time to make some acquisitions."
The following day Derek orders Luka back on the prowl.
Luka "Hunting? But, sir, we just went there the other day..."
Confident she had already satisfied her quota, Luka begins to talk back.
But Derek insists there is still a shortage.
The prices aren't as high for the riff-raff from the slums.
Derek "You have to return to the slums. But try a different district this time. It seems there has been a migration south."
Luka "Understood..."
Luka salutes Derek as he leers into her eyes.
Luka "Um... Is there something else?"
Derek's cold, penetrating gaze makes her feel uncomfortable even though she has not done anything for him to reprimand her over.
Luka maintains her straight posture as Derek looks her over.
Luka "Commander, is there anything else?"
Derek "No, it's nothing. Go on."
Luka "Sir!"
At that, Derek returns to his work.
Released from his sharp gaze, Luka strokes her chest in relief.
Soldier A "Doesn't look like there's that much to look at, eh?"
Soldier B "Oh, I'm sure she's got the best bits still hidden!"
The soldiers hunt women one after another while making jokes.
Screams echo throughout the slums.
The scene is much the same as the last hunt.
Luka "............"
Luka stares blankly at the scene unfolding before her.
For some reason, it all seems so far away.
Lucaon "What's wrong? You feelin' alright?"
Luka "I'm fine..."
Luka snaps her answer to Lucaon.
Indeed, she wasn't thinking of anything at all.
A young girl is carried away by a soldier in front of Luka.
Another girl cries for her mother.
Luka (The weak are exploited by the strong. That is the law of nature. Slum residents are exploited precisely because they are weak. Isn't that natural?)
If one does not want such a fate, getting stronger is the only solution.
A slum-dweller who fails to become strong has no right to contest.
Luka (Exactly. It's their fault. The Service Nation isn't wrong... like Eleonora said...)
An old man is violently kicked by a soldier.
A woman, who could be his daughter, is being abducted by soldiers.
They are helpless weak people who cannot help themselves.
Luka stares blankly, not registering their trampling.
Luka sees but does not watch.
Lucaon stares at her with a smile on his lips.
Luka (Is this really... the right way?)
That evening.
Luka silently weaves her way through the castle corridors.
She knows her destination.
But on the way there, she asks herself the same thing over and over again.
Is this really the right way?")
Luka (No, I can't hesitate. I've already made up my mind!)
The strong fulfill their own desires by force. That is the way of the Service Nation.
Thus, her desire to release the hunted women should come to pass.
Luka (That's right... at least that mother and daughter...)
No one helped Luka until Derek bought her.
No one looked after her.
But now she has the power to help someone.
But...
Luka (Even if I couldn't help myself then...)
Luka then reaches the stairs leading to the dungeon.
Luka (There are two guards...)
She peeks into the dungeon from the shadows.
The guards are sitting and chatting. Not even a shred of vigilance.
This is natural as they don't have anyone special to keep an eye on.
Luka waits for the soldiers to take a breath then passes by them through the shadows.
Prison Guard A "Hnn!?"
Prison Guard B "Huh!?"
She thrusts the hilt of her sword into their necks, knocking them out.
Placing them in their seats, she takes the key ring from one of the guards.
Luka "Hey, wake up."
Using the burgled key, she enters the dungeon and approaches the sleeping mother and daughter.
Mother "Huh? Ah... You are..."
Daughter "Ma'am?"
They wake with surprised looks on their faces.
They embrace each other in fear, wondering what will happen.
Luka gestures with her finger and purses her lips to indicate that they should be quiet.
Luka "I'm getting you two the fuck outta here. Now, be quiet and follow me."
Mother "Huh? You're letting us..."
Daughter "Letting us go? Why?"
Luka "I told you to be quiet!"
Luka growls her reminder and the mother and daughter find themselves hushed.
Presently, she has no time to explain.
Luka "Let's go."
She didn't wait for affirmation. Luka is gone in a flash.
Then she beckons them from beyond.
The mother and daughter still look confused, but when Luka, growing impatient, beckons them to hurry up again, they hurriedly follow.
Luka leads the mother and daughter up the stairs and out into the hallway.
But she is soon stopped in her tracks.
Luka "Hn!"
Her whole body filled with tension, she takes a protective stance before the mother and child following behind.
Lucaon is standing in the castle hallway, even though he should have been asleep.
Lucaon "What are you doing about at this hour? The master couldn't have possibly ordered you to bring more women here, could he?"
He smirks as he speaks.
However, in contrast to his light tone, Lucaon is cautious, measuring the distance between them.
Luka (Can't fool you, can I?)
It seems that Lucaon was on to Luka.
Now she has no choice.
Luka (Decide with haste.)
To make decisions in one's heart.
Lucaon slowly approaches Luka.
Lucaon "Hey, your face is... all tense. What's wrong?"
Luka ".................."
They exchange silent stares. While glaring, she slowly extends her hand to the sword hanging from her hip.
Luka (It's the first strike. Kill with the first strike.)
Lucaon "Hnkh!"
Lucaon laughs as if he had read Luka's thoughts. He bares his fangs.
Luka has speed and dexterity that can rival even most beastmen.
The distance between them is rapidly closing.
Luka (If I'm going to... it's gotta be now!)
Just as Luka is about to spin on her right leg...
??? "What are you guys doing at this hour?"
Luka knows that cold and familiar voice.
In a flurry, she turns to find the person she expected to be there.
Luka "Hn! Commander!"
Her determination and bloodlust vanish instantly, and she finds herself on the verge of weeping like a babe.
Derek leisurely walks past Luka and grabs the mother and daughter by the arm.
They scream.
Derek "Aren't these women supposed to be in a cell, Luka?"
She knows what Derek is really asking.
Luka's throat is desert-dry, and her heart is racing.
She desperately searches for some kind of excuse... but knows there is nothing that can save her now.
She desperately tries to hide her trembling.
She can only stare right back at Derek.
Luka "I wanted to release these two. That was my desire. So, I took action to fulfill that wish."
Derek "Huh..."
Luka "Do you remember, Commander? You told me to become strong if I wanted to make my wish come true."
Luka could never forget the words Derek spoke to her when they first met.
She remembers every detail of that time.
Luka "The world runs on the theory of the strong. If you think that's unreasonable, then be strong enough to screw over the powerful."
Luka "At least I have strength enough now to keep my head up."
As she speaks, Luka finally understands the reason for her actions.
The way the Service Nation is now will only create more sheep like the person she was before.
She does not believe that is the way.
Of course, the feeling of wanting to fulfill Derek's ambitions... to help Derek build a nation is still unwavering.
But the same mistakes will be repeated in Derek's country.
She cannot shake that concern.
Derek "I see, I understand your wish. But my wish is to sell the mother and daughter and turn them into gold."
Derek is not angered by Luka's confession.
Rather, he diligently listens and takes his turn.
Derek "Would you like to test if you've really become strong enough to contest my desires?"
As soon as Derek puts his hand on the hilt of his sword while talking, a tremendous amount of pressure hits Luka's body.
Derek only touches the sword.
Despite this, Luka's whole body stiffens.
There is nothing at all that Luka can do.
Even more so, it is impossible to let the mother and daughter escape.
Luka (It's no good... I got them into this mess...)
Prepared to be cut down, Luka closes her eyes.
Derek "Well... I never thought you would betray me."
However, Derek releases the hilt of his sword.
He speaks lightly and laughs as if he is enjoying the situation.
This, in turn, frightens Luka, and she gulps involuntarily.
Derek "You do remember the rules of being in my service, do you not?"
Luka "The punishment for treachery..."
Derek "You took the mother and daughter on your own. They're mine. You know that's an act of betrayal, right?"
Luka "I... I know..."
Derek "I see... Then it is settled. I'll give you the sanction you have asked for."
Derek interrupts himself.
Normally, this would be a swift execution.
Having been looking down, Luka fearfully turns her gaze upon Derek. He's wearing a cold smile.
Derek "But it's you. You of all people. To betray me... There must be some truly compelling circumstances at play."
Derek "So... I have decided to give you one chance."
Luka "Chance?"
Luka doesn't know what Derek truly means by chance.
She knows Derek's affections are not given out easily or without reason.
He raises one finger to the increasingly nervous Luka.
Derek "One month. One whole month. You are to serve as a slave of the Service Nation under my control."
Derek "Once you've done that, I'll forget about tonight. No, better, I'll give you a reward while we're at it. I'll grant you one wish."
Luka "That's..."
Luka knows that coming from Derek this is a tremendous kindness. She has no idea why he would make so many concessions.
She almost wants to voice her happiness.
But Derek is still before her.
Is this really kindness or...
Derek "What is it? What say you?"
Luka "Hnn... I accept..."
Being a slave for a month might be bad for a human... But Luka was born into this caste. She was born less than a slave.
Thinking about her past and falling once more to that status...
Luka looks at the frightened mother and daughter in the corner of the corridor.
She cannot abandon this mother and daughter now. If that were the case, she would not have thought of helping them in the first place.
Luka "I understand... I will accept your terms."
Derek "Then it is settled. From tomorrow, you will be a slave. For tonight, return to your quarters and at least rest your flesh."
Luka "Understood..."
Derek "I'll put the mother and daughter back in jail for the time being. I will tell the guards not to touch them."
Luka "Thank you very much..."
Luka cannot comprehend who this person before her is.
Unable to gauge Derek's true intentions, Luka thanks him and then looks at the mother and daughter.
The mother is trembling as she hugs her daughter.
Luka nods that she is okay and leaves.
Lucaon "Are you sure those conditions are acceptable? Are they not too lenient?"
Lucaon voices his malcontent as Luka takes her leave.
Derek only answers with a cruel smile.
Derek "She has now taken the poison bait of hope. The effects will come to fruition. This is going to work the way I want it to."
Lucaon "The poison of hope, eh?"
Derek "That's right. No matter what Luka is, from my point of view, she's just a weakling. This country isn't sweet enough for the weak to live with hope."
Lucaon smirks and nods at Derek's explanation.
A small laugh escapes Derek's mouth.
Derek "I have no intention of forgiving the traitor in the first place."
Lucaon "Hnn! Indeed... My apologies for saying too much."
Lucaon quickly lowers his head and Derek gestures that he doesn't care.
Lucaon murmurs in his mind as he pats his chest in relief.
Lucaon (Luka, I don't know what you were thinking, but you fucked up by betraying Derek.)
Now even Lucaon sympathizes with Luka.
#04_luc006
The next day.
Luka "............"
Luka is alone in a cell.
Now that she's been transferred to the prison, she is supposed to sleep with nothing more than a rag spread over the stone floor.
As expected, her body aches.
The cold of the stone floor reminds her of her days as a slave and living on the streets.
She frowns and shakes her head to shake off the memory.
Luka (I wonder if that mother and daughter are safe? Commander said that he would tell the guards not to touch them, but...)
For now, she has no choice but to believe his words.
A sigh escapes Luka's mouth.
It was then that she notices someone coming down to the dungeon.
A familiar voice greets the guard.
Luka braces herself as Lucaon opens the door of the cell.
Lucaon "Starting off day one in such damp spirits?"
Luka "None of your concern..."
Lucaon "Oh, I see. Fuck you too, hah! And I don't know what got into you, but you done fucked up. Who do you think you are?"
Luka looks away uncomfortably when Lucaon smirks at her.
Lucaon "Why don't you politely apologize to your master?"
Luka "I don't doubt I'm stupid. I just don't think I'm wrong."
Lucaon "You gotta be fuckin' kidding me. You really are mad. You think you can go against his orders?"
Luka "Kch..."
With a twitch, Luka's shoulders shiver.
Luka returns her gaze to Lucaon and postures strongly.
Luka "I just followed my own desires."
This is the Service Nation, a country of affirming one's desires.
One should be allowed to follow their heart and do as one pleases.
Lucaon "If it's really a desire that comes from the heart, I have no problem with it."
Luka "And what's that supposed to mean?"
Lucaon "Don't you think your heart was swayed by having to take care of the women Derek had captured?"
Lucaon laughs while hinting at Eleonora.
Luka stares hard at Lucaon, trying not to let her mind wander.
Luka "It's just what I wanted. I'm not weak enough to be misled by the words of a captive."
Lucaon "I see. Well, let's leave it that way."
Lucaon says so with a grin.
His smile twists and contorts into something sadistic and revolting.
Lucaon "Anyway, Derek said you have to be punished and made to understand your position."
Luka "Tch..."
The word punishment itself seems so light on his tongue.
However, Luka stiffens her body with strong vigilance.
Lucaon "Heh, well, just do your best. Hey!"
When Lucaon calls out, soldiers enter the cell.
Of course, they are all familiar faces.
They restrain and bring Luka out of her cell.
#04_luc007h_luc05
Luka (Well, hell... I thought it would be like this...)
Luka snorts and surveys her surroundings.
She has been taken to a place outside the castle, a short distance from the brothel-lined main street.
This is where the poorest of the whores put their services up. The ones that are too poor to even work inside a brothel.
Luka is suspended and affixed to a pillar with both legs raised.
Her hands are shackled, and her restraints keep her legs as open as they can be.
Next to her is a sign denoting that she is a half-elf traitor of the Service Nation.
Luka is to be treated worse than the lowest of the whores.
Passerby A "Well, looky 'ere. Half-elf, eh? Lookin' like a fuckable tart, if I do say so meself."
Passerby B "But look a'er! Not one bit o'regret on'er face. Some fuckin' cocky elfy bitch."
Luka cannot escape the scorn rising up around her.
There is no pity or compassion. It is only contempt and ridicule.
Luka (Whatever. There ain't shit you can say I ain't heard before...)
Half-elves have suffered such since ages long past.
Until Luka was bought by Derek this was all she had ever known.
They haven't even come close to triggering her.
Luka snorts while watching the citizens walk past her, feeling their eyes upon her.
Then, one approaches.
Thug "Hohoh! Betrayer of the Service Nation! What a title you made for yerself, half-elf!"
The tough guy laughs to himself while salivating over her splayed appendages.
Luka sighs.
Luka "I don't have to entertain this bollocks. If you're gonna rape me, get it over with already."
Thug "The fuck you say? Talkin' high for a half-elf bitch! I'm gonna make you squeal like a babe in no time!"
Flush with agitation, the man drops his trousers in a hurry, revealing his schlong.
He proudly handles his diminutive member and penetrates Luka.
Shlnk!")
Luka "Hnng... hn! Huff... hnkh!"
He forces his cock into her dry cunt.
Luka grits her teeth at the pain of having her pink folds torn.
Regardless, her well-trained pussy automatically wriggles taking in the form of his member.
Luka "Huff... hnkh... hnnn..."
As he pushes in deeper, the folds of her cunt contract on his dick.
Gradually, her cunt begins to yield forth fluids.
And it becomes hotter and slimier on his cock.
Thug "Hooh... What in the... Fuck yeah! Some quality meat right here!"
Luka "Hnnkh... hnn... hannnn... houhh... hnnng... hn!"
The rapist marvels at how Luka's body reacts to his thrusting.
Her cunt is audibly vacuous as pussy nectar oozes out.
Thug "Heh, heh, heh... look how your fuckin' twat loves it! Like a real whore, eh? But you did worse, you pissed off your owner, didn'tcha? Now you gotta be punished!"
Luka "Huff... hnn! Hnkh... khhh..."
Thug "I'm 'appy to do me part! Give ya some disciplining!"
Luka "Uhnngg! Kuh... hnnk! Ahhnn... ghnn... hnnnghh..."
He seems very proud of having guessed correctly and begins to thrust with more enthusiasm.
Without any skill at all, he rapes her cunt, only occasionally hitting her cervix with the head of his cock.
Then Luka's body trembles, causing her cunt to contract strongly.
Luka "Hnnnff... uhh... hnkh... kuhh! Hn... hnngg... hah... hmmmhh!"
Thug "Heh, feel good, don't it? You half-elf bitches love you some good cock, don'tcha?"
Luka merely sighs something similar to a moan, but that is all the motivation the rapist needs.
However, one can already see the fatigue on his face, and his breathing grows rough.
His face burns bright red, and he seems to be desperately trying to extend the length of time he can enjoy fucking her pussy.
Luka (I don't want him to cum... but, dammit, I want this over with already...)
As Luka moans along with the thrusts, these truths are locked away in her mind.
While in thought, she contracts her cunt tightly.
She is actively trying to milk the jizz out of his cock with her folds of flesh.
Thug "Hnn! You... You want it that bad, do ya? Fuck, I'll pump your filthy cunt full o'it! Make your whore ass squeal!"
His face turns red as he thrusts his hips.
Sweat departs his chin as Luka grunts and watches with cold eyes.
Luka "Hnng... uhhn... uhh... hnnnh..."
Thug "I'm... I'm gonna blow! Fill your snatch with my spunk!"
He drills Luka's cunt as deeply as he can.
The head of his cock meets her cervix as he crosses the line of no return.
Splllrrt! Gshhhhhhh!")
Luka "Hnnn... hah... ahh! Aahhh... naaah... hn!"
Hot jizz pours into her hole.
Mechanically responding to the heat, Luka accidentally gasps a little, and her hips shake.
Thug "Hufh... A sex slave, indeed. Not too shabby..."
He pulls his cock out of her, feeling content.
His short cock already starts to shrivel.
Thug "What'dya think? You like that cock, don'tcha?"
Luka "Huh, you're all fuckin' gab. You couldn't please your mother with that lousy excuse of a dong!"
Thug "The fuck you say to me!? You worthless half-breed bitch!"
She knows angering the rapists won't serve her well. She can't restrain the truth from spilling out.
As she expected, the rapist enraged raises his fist.
Mercenary "Hey, needle-dick, the fuck? There's a line, ya know?"
Thug "Uhh... hnng... You son of a... hn..."
He shrinks away from the scene as a mercenary-looking man grabs his arm.
The tough guy is silenced and driven off with not more than a glance.
Mercenary "Well, lassy, how 'bout we get this thing going?"
The mercenary gets closer. Close enough that Luka can smell the alcohol on his breath.
Mercenary "You're gonna make my dick feel great too, got it?"
He smiles disgustingly, whips out his cock, and without waiting for a response dives right into raping Luka.
Shlnk! Glchh, blchhh!")
Luka "Hnnng! Hakh... khh... hnn... hn... haaah!"
His cock is considerably larger than the previous. It plunges right in to the depths of her pussy from the get go.
Unbearable, Luka unintentionally lets out an anguished voice.
Luka (It's big... but... I still have seen worse...)
Luka "Kuhh... hnn... hmmm... hufffh!"
Mercenary "Well... I'll be damned. This is some nice pussy!"
Luka "Ahnnngg... khh! Aahh... haaah! Haahh... khh!"
The mercenary thrusts his hips with more skill than the previous guy.
As if to pry open her cunt with his thick cock, he pushes it in shallowly and then screws her all the way to the back.
Then he continues to grind and rock his hips, stimulating Luka's uterus itself as he prods it.
Luka "Kuh... If you... fuck me... that... deep... Hnnn!"
Luka's body reacts to the penetration on its own.
Her temperature rises, and her eyes glaze over.
The folds of her flesh cling to the shape of his cock.
Mercenary "Heh, seem to be likin' it. Gettin' in the mood, eh? Want me to fuck ya deeper?"
Luka "Hahhhh, ungh, nghh, nghhhh...! Hahh, hahh, hahhh, ahhh, nahhhh!"
Each exhale from the rapist is rancid with cheap booze as he thrusts Luka's body up with each movement.
Luka's lower abdomen rapidly heats up as he rapes her womb.
Luka (I fucking hate it... I don't want any kind of pleasure from the likes of this fucker...)
That stacks with all of her other frustrations, not just the rape.
But with each strike to her uterus, darts of pleasure sink into her spine.
Luka "Ahhhh, kfff... nahhhhh! Aghhhh, nahhh, ahhh, this is... hahhh!"
Mercenary "Hahh, you little fucking bitch! You do have a tight twat!"
Luka "Hahhh, ahhh, ahhh, hahhh! Ah, ahh, this... is getting big...! It's still... getting bigger... Hahhh!"
He thrusts so hard Luka fears he might pierce through the flesh of her pussy.
She feels his cock swell with each thrust.
Mercenary "You really do have a great pussy... Fuck, I'm already close! I'm going to cum!"
Luka "Kahffh... hn! Do whatever... hah... you like... Hyaah... haaahh!"
He tries to pound her even deeper, seeking out her greatest depths.
Sparks of intense pleasure burst in her womb, and Luka arches her back as her hips jut upward.
Splllllrrrrt! Gshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhh!")
Luka "Hnn... ahh! Hahhh... khh... ugh... haah... aahh!"
Her cunt is filled with white, cloudy ooze.
Luka is acutely aware of each pulsation of his cock.
Her limbs tremble as if to match the rhythm he sets.
Shllllk... blchhh, shllllllk...
Luka "Hahh... uhff... hnn!"
His smegma-covered cock rapes her pussy.
His body odor and foul breath penetrate the depths of her sinuses.
The stench makes Luka's stomach churn.
Hobo "Hahh... Been a long minute since I had some pussy."
Luka "Hakh... hah! Hnn... ahh... hahhh... hnn... Shit... This fucker... Hnn!"
The hobo sucks on Luka's mouth, his face contorted in slack-jawed glee.
Her skin crawls and beads with goosebumps as his breath makes her want to puke.
Reflexively, her muscles contract and her cunt squeezes the vagrant's cock.
Hobo "Heh, heh, you like kissing, do ya? Stick out yer tongue. Let me give it a suckle for ya."
Luka "Gmmmff...!? Ngh, nbff, sckkkk... nghhh, sckkkk... ngh, nghhh!?"
Her lips are spread, and Luka is subjected to his tongue down her throat. His slimy organ mingles with her own.
She tries to turn her head away, but his sewage-like saliva seeps in.
Desperately she tries to breathe through her nose, but he twists his tongue around inside of her mouth, and she finally is forced to swallow it down her throat.
Luka "Hnnmmm! Hnnff... hmmmff!"
Tears well up in her eyes at the humiliation of being defiled right down to her insides.
At the same time, he violates her cunt with his filthy cock.
He packs her pink folds with his rotting smegma.
Luka "Hnn... hnmmff... hahh... haah... hahh... hahh... This is... Hnnn!"
Hobo "Hoh, hoh! Top and bottom holes both! Our tongues wrapped around one another, and your cunt squeezin' on me! Hn!!"
Luka "Sllllrrrp... sllllrrrp! Sckkkk, nghhh, hahh, hahh, ahhhhh...! Mmm, ngh, sckkkk... sllllrrrp, sckkkkk!"
Even if she turns her head away, she can't create enough distance due to her restraints.
Her head gets dizzy as she is forced to suck down his foul-smelling spit.
Hobo "Heh, heh, heh... You look like you're enjoyin' yerself... Let me treat ya to another hot load o'spunk!"
Luka "Pahhhh! Ah, ahhh, nahhh! D-Don't cum in me... Mgfff, ngh, blkkk, sckkk, sckkkk!"
Luka does not wish to be further defiled.
She tries to refuse him but quickly finds herself unable to breathe once more.
He mercilessly sucks on her as he thrusts his cock in her.
Then suddenly, even though he was thrusting so quickly, his body shudders.
He plunges deeper into her with near panic on his face.
Spllllrrrt! Gshhhhhh!")
Luka "Hnmmmm! Hnngg! Hnkh... hn... hnmfff... uhhh!"
Luka (I fucking hate you! You wretched excuse for a man! How dare you fucking cum inside me!)
His cock spews its load into her one spasm at a time.
Luka is hyper-aware of her violation...
Some time later...
Several more men have raped Luka...
Man "Hooohh!"
Spllllrrrt! Gshhhh!!")
Luka "Ahhhhhh... Again! Ahhhh... Again! Ahhhh, hahhhhhh...!"
Luka "Kuh... hnn... haah... hah... huff..."
Satisfied, he withdraws his cock from her folds and leaves.
Luka's slit can no longer close after being raped so many times, and it only dribbles jizz as it hangs open.
Luka (How many was this last fucker? How many more to go? I can't even fucking tell what's going on...)
Her crotch is just a reeking, oozing mess after all the loads shot into her.
Bound in such an unnatural shape, her whole body aches.
Her pussy has been rubbed raw and is sore from all the cocks. It is now throbbing in pain.
Another man approaches Luka in her exhaustion.
Man "Been a minute. Remember me?"
Luka "Huh?"
The voice seems familiar, but it is all a haze to Luka now.
But gradually her memory recovers.
Luka "Oh, I remember you. You're a shit-eating peckerhead that likes to go after kids!"
Man "You bloody cunt!"
Just a few days prior Luka had prevented him from raping a little girl in the slums.
His anger quickly contorts to a disgusting grin.
He is overjoyed to see Luka bound and unable to move.
Man "You shitty fucking mixed breeds are such a bother, and you probably thought you got smart, huh? You ain't got much sense, do ya?"
Luka "Don't hurt yourself. I know how words with more than one syllable can cause the likes of you pain."
Her contempt pierces through her weariness and anguish.
Luka has no reason to hold back, she's going to be raped all the same.
Man "Hoh, you fucking whore half-elf! Your mouth ain't nothing but a cock trap! How dare you talk like that to me!"
He fumes and turns flush before producing his cock.
Shllllp!")
Luka "Hakh... hff... uhnngg... hnn!"
Luka grimaces in pain at the continuous rape of her swollen pussy.
But the man raping her moans in pleasure all the while.
Man "Hnhooh! Good fuckin' pussy!"
Her canal has been pummeled by so many cocks. It can only collapse around the penetrating rod.
It still presses and grips the full-length shoved inside her.
Luka "Hnn... Somet'in' the matter? Or are you all talk? Hahh..."
Man "Shit-for-blood half-elf, better calm the fuck down."
Man "A cunt as filthy as yours doesn't usually have much to offer. It needs to be cleaned, yeah?"
His jaw cramps as he exerts himself, but he still manages to force a smile.
Luka can feel exactly how much force he's putting into raping her.
She almost wonders what he's on about, but then she finds herself aware of the answer.
Pssssh! Pshhh! Pshhhh... pshhhhhhh!")
Luka "What the actual fucking hell? What are you doing?"
Her cunt swells up with heat.
Her body feels more fluid being pumped into her than just cum.
Man "Here, let me do ya a service and clean out that rotten trap o'yers."
Luka "Hnngg! No, no fucking way! You did not fucking piss in me!? Fucking no, stop that shit!"
Man "Hah! Half-elf cum dumpster! Just a toilet for human piss!"
Pshhhhhh! Pshhh, pshhhhhh!")
Luka "Hahh... Wait... No, not yet... Ahh... huffh... hnngg... kff... hngg... hnn!"
Luka's eyes turn to the sky as she grits her teeth and takes in the humiliating experience she hadn't even considered before.
A mess of mingled fluids sprays out from where their bodies join.
The sensation makes her body tremble.
Luka "You... how... how fucking dare you! Khh... hnmmm!"
Her words of protest melt into groans of pain.
She can't come to grips with the fact that a human went from raping her to pissing in her pussy.
The walls of her pussy are washed in torrents of piss as she is violently raped by his cock.
Luka "Hnngg... khh... uhh! So hot... inside me... Hannngg!"
Man "There, how'dya like that? All nice and clean. You're very fuckin' welcome. What do you have to say now? How'dya like a nice human dick! Say thank you!"
Smiling sadistically he continues to rape Luka.
It just makes her raw cunt burn even more.
Cold numbness runs through her body as he rapes her.
Luka "Ahnngg... kfffh! Huhhff... hnnmmff... uhh..."
Man "How is it? Are you enjoying yerself?"
Luka "Oh, you fucking joker. Khh! Hnn... hahh!"
She tries to shake her head in denial.
Luka tells herself that there is only pain now and she can't feel any pleasure at all.
Yet her cunt still contracts and tightens on the cock raping her.
The walls of her canal seem to cling to the shape of the cock pounding her.
Naturally, he can sense this too.
Man "You wanna take it deeper? Is that what I hear? Try this on for size, half-elf!"
Luka "Kuhhh! Hnn... ahhh... hnkh... haaahh! That's... no, stop!"
She fights to restrain her voice, but still flashes of pleasure ring through.
He grabs her tits and nipples with such vigor it sends shocks running through her body.
Her cunt contracts even harder now, and it's nearly choking his cock.
Man "Oh, wonderful! You like the pain, don't you, bitch?"
Luka "Hahh! Hanngg! Naah! No! That's... not like this! Hnnyaah!"
He digs his nails into her tits as she squeals.
All she knows is pain and frustration.
Having her pussy pissed in has scrambled her thoughts as her womb burns and aches.
Her womb now descends in anticipation of more seed.
His thrusts are so vigorous her jaw has unconsciously fallen slack from all the pleasure.
Luka "Hnnnhhaa! Aahhh... Enough already! Hahh!"
Her brain melts due to the sensation of his cock hitting her cervix.
Man "Hah! You want it? You want me to cum in ya? Then fuckin' beg for it!"
Luka "Hnguhh! Hnhhaah! Hyaah! Hnnn... ahhh... Like... for real? Really? The fuck!"
Man "Say, oh, milord, fill my worthless half-breed cunt with your glorious human seed!"
Luka "Haaahh... Fuck you, no damn way... Hnn! Fucking stop!"
Luka frantically shakes her head and rejects him and the mechanical pleasure.
Regardless, he keeps thrusting into her cervix, causing her hips to tremble.
Splllllllrrrrrt! Gshhhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhh!")
Luka "Hnnngg... hahh! Ahh... hahh! You came! Ahh... It's hot! The cum... is so hot! Hnnn!"
His cock spews a torrent of cum into her cunt.
Luka's body trembles in restrained pleasure as the heat of his seed hits her cervix.
Luka "Kuhhh... hnn! Naaah... hahh... It's fucking shooting inside me... Damn you... Hah! Your jizz is in me... Fuck!"
Luka "Hyaaah! I'm cumming! I'm cumming from the sensation of your jizz! Haaahhh!!"
Reluctantly Luka reaches climax herself as her cunt squeezes every last drop out of another man's rod.
Drowning in the nonconsensual pleasure, vocalizations of her pleasure escape her maw, frustrating her even more.
Luka "Kuh... hnn... huff... khh... uhh..."
Man "Heh! Good, right? Thought so."
Luka "Shut up... Hahh... Shut the... damn fuck up... Hnn... hahh..."
The notion that this bastard could make her cum sets her soul ablaze.
She shakes her body to evict the thick white fluid that overflows from her cunt and talks back to the man from under her ragged breath.
Man "Hmm... with a mouth like that... I think I have an idea, I do..."
Luka "Huh? The fuck are you on about this time?"
He had already pissed inside her.
Luka shudders imagining what else he would do to her.
Man "Heh, I just gave you so much of my precious cum. Wouldn't want any of it to go to waste now would I?"
After saying that, the man looks around and picks up an empty bottle from nearby.
Luka "Huh? What? No fucking..."
Man "Heh, here we go..."
Splllrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhhhh!")
Luka "Hnnkh! Hyaaah! Kyaaaahh!!"
Man "Hah! How are you filling it up so much? What do you have goin' on in that cunt o'yers?"
Luka "Kuahh! Ahh... hnn... ahhh!"
A bottle, much thicker than a cock, is forcefully pressed into Luka's cunt.
Her vulva is spread wide to its elastic limit.
Luka "Kuh... hnn... hahh... hahh... hahh!"
The pressure is so intense that Luka feels as if she might tear herself apart, and her eyes widen to the point of tears as she breathes through her wide-open mouth.
Nothing can distract her from the pain.
She resembles a gasping beached fish.
Seeing Luka like that, the man claps his hands and laughs.
Man "Hahahah! You can store so much more jizz in that cunt, huh? Hahahahaha..."
Luka "Hnnnggg!"
The man prods her harder with the bottle.
Luka screams uncontrollably as the pain pierces her entire body.
Of course, he has more in store for her.
After that, Luka is raped many more times...
Luka "Hahh... hyaaahh!"
Spllllllrrrrt! Gshhhhhh!")
Luka "Hakh... khf... hnyaah... hyaahh..."
A brute is still mercilessly raping Luka's exhausted body.
With each thrust, cloudy spunk spills from her pussy.
She has been violated by many men's fluids. Both piss and jizz alike.
Not just fluids. They have marked her flesh with obscene graffiti.
Built Man "Wake up you fucking bitch! You're so used up how the fuck am I supposed to work with this mangled cum dumpster of yours?"
Luka "Ahh... ahh... hahh..."
The brute continues to violently rape Luka, but she doesn't even have the energy to respond.
Her cunt has completely lost all strength and cannot tighten at all.
Built Man "Tch, what a useless hole. Tighten that shit!"
Luka "Kuh... hnn... hnn... ahh... ahh... hnn!"
The brute accelerates his pounding and pummels her hole audibly.
Like a doll, Luka groans as the man shakes her body.
Built Man "Alright! Here I go! Another fucking shot in that worthless twat!"
He is almost jerking himself off as he tries to finish inside her.
He thrusts powerfully as though trying to pump out the spunk from the previous occupants.
Splllllrrrt! Bshhhh, gshhhhh!")
Luka "Hnyaah! Ahh... huffhh..."
The brutes cock gushes cum.
Her cunt is at capacity once more as jizz seeps passed their linkage.
Luka "Hn... hnaah... ahh... ahh... huff... hnn..."
Her limbs tremble with the pulsating rod inside her.
Though she is dazed, her body still receives slight pleasure from being cum in.
Luka "Hnn... ahh... hahh... ahhff... hnnf... hnn..."
Splooge spills out as soon as he pulls his cock out.
Luka is completely drained. If she weren't bound in place, she would be completely prostrate.
Built Man "Fucking bitch. If you're going to survive in the Service Nation you gotta work cock better than that. Got it, you mangy half-breed?"
Luka "Hahh... ahh... hnn... ahh..."
Luka raises her head slightly and directs her unfocused eyes at the brute.
He snorts in frustration, puts away his dick, and walks away.
Then another appears before her.
Man "Tight or loose, I ain't picky. Don'cha worry."
Luka "Ah... haa... haa... haa..."
Luka (I... I still...)
Luka is certain she won't fail.
She can endure for a month.
The fading light is slightly rekindled in her eyes.
............
......
...
#04_luc008
Luka (The way this is all going... I should be able to handle whatever they throw at me...)
Luka tries to stretch and assess the damage.
Being forced to pleasure any citizen that passes her while bound on the street corner has taken its toll on her, but recovery seems imminent.
A week has passed since her betrayal.
Luka has already endured a variety of tasks including but not limited to pleasuring the citizens and the castle guards.
And she never receives praise only ridicule.
It is more than taxing on her soul, but she feels she can endure.
Luka (I am no longer just a child to be oppressed...)
She knows how to cope even if it is painful. If she can endure, there is hope ahead.
This is how Luka convinces herself that she will be alright in the end.
Then, she receives a visitor at her cell.
Lucaon "You seem to be getting by just fine. Warming up for the next round?"
Lucaon gives her a wolfy grin as Luka replies with her glare.
Lucaon "You don't think you'll beg Derek for mercy, do you?"
Luka "Of course not. I promised the commander I would accept a month of slavery."
Luka exposes her dignity and determination in her response to Lucaon.
He shakes his head with a wry smile.
Lucaon "In that case, good luck today."
Lucaon tosses her a small bottle from his pocket.
Luka snatches the bottle out of the air. It contains an off-purple fluid within.
Luka "What's this? Peddlin' aphrodisiacs now?"
Lucaon "I wouldn't touch that kind of snake oil. I just think this will help you with today's... chores. Go on, drink it up."
Luka "I see..."
She can't refuse if this is part of her service.
Besides, if one is prepared for whatever the effect might be, one should be fine most of the time.
Luka downs the shot in a single swig.
It isn't exactly a pleasing flavor.
The tonic effect does not seem to be an immediate one. Luka looks herself over wondering what exactly it is supposed to do.
Luka "I drank it. Now, what do you want?"
Lucaon "Naturally, you've got work to do."
Lucaon's smile intensifies, revealing his wolf fangs.
Luka gulps slightly.
She quickly shakes it off and recomposes herself, following Lucaon out of the dungeon.
#04_luc009h_luc06
Luka "Holy fuck, there's no way that giant thing is gonna fit..."
A ginormous hand grabs Luka's whole body, and she reflexively cries out.
She was brought to the castle basement, the living quarters of the monstrous soldiers.
Immediately upon entering, she is caught and lifted into the air by a black ogre, a beast that could easily be mistaken for a giant.
The black ogre is one of the largest of the monster soldiers. They're approximately five to six times as tall as a man.
They are a great weapon in siege warfare because of their stature.
Luka is merely a doll to such a beast.
Now the black ogre is aiming his proportionately huge cock toward Luka's cunt.
Luka "Hey, fuckers! Get this thing to stop! There's no way this is gonna work!"
Lucaon "Silly goose. He is your chore for today. Better do a good job too!"
Black Ogre "Guaaah!"
Luka "Hnn!?"
The black ogre roars with lust. His huge cock twitches and pulsates, and droplets of precum as big as a man's head flow out from it.
The black ogre grinds the huge head of its cock, wet and glistening with its juices, against Luka's crotch.
Luka "Khnn! S-Stop it! This will literally kill me!"
As the black ogre's arousal ignites, his cock radiates a heat Luka has never known before.
Luka desperately struggles to escape for self-preservation rather than horror.
She has heard of how many women have been destroyed by black ogres.
Lucaon "Stop stressing. You're not going to die. Just hurry up and work that dick!"
Luka "Don't be ridiculous! How many times do I have to tell you there's no way?"
Black Ogre "Guaaaahhh!"
Luka "Nggghhhh! Wait, wait, listen to me!"
Unable to hold back any longer, the black ogre grinds his cock against her harder and harder. He's trying to force it into her petite body.
Luka "There's no way that's going in!"
Blchhhh! Glchhhhhhhhh!")
Luka "Hahnnnngg!? Ahh... hnngg... ahh... kaahhh!!"
A trunk of flesh penetrates Luka's body from below.
The huge head of the cock presses into her body, bulging her stomach as she feels like it's going to tear her apart.
Luka "Hnhhhh! Hyaaaahh... hhhaaaaahh!!"
Black Ogre "Uraaaahnn... graaahh!"
Most of the beast's cock has already been forced inside her body.
Luka's screams and the black ogre's joyful voice echo off the stone walls.
Luka "Haah... hahff... ahh... haaahh..."
Luka gasps in agony with her mouth wide open as if her entire body has been pierced.
She feels like she is going to be split open from her gut.
It is painful just to breathe as if her lungs are being compressed by the cock in her chest.
No, even the smallest movement causes piercing pain throughout her body. It is as if she has been impaled on a stake.
Luka (It hurts... but... how is this...?)
While tormented by the unrelenting pain, Luka's rational mind is aware that something more unusual than expected is happening.
His cock is so huge that it should be crushing her organs. It hurts that much at least.
But that pain is now slowly easing.
Most surprising of all, Luka's cunt has neither ripped open nor is she puking blood.
Lucaon "See? Said ya wouldn't die, didn't I?"
Luka "Hah... hnn... hngg... That's... it... The potion... Uhh..."
The pain is fading but does not go away as the pressure is too intense.
Gasping at the pressure that pushes up all her internal organs, Luka arrives at the right conclusion.
The contents of that bottle make this a possibility somehow.
A slight touch of relief comes to Luka's woes.
But it is short-lived.
Zhuun! Dhun!")
Luka "Guhh! Hnnnk... hnnnggg!? Aahh... haaggh! No! Stop!"
Luka's form flails as the sounds of rubbing flesh reverberate.
The black ogre has a firm grip on Luka and is jerking his cock off with her whole body.
She is like a mere pocket-pussy to the black ogre.
Luka "Hnnhy! Hnnng! Kuaaahh... oohh... ohh... That's... Just no more... Ahhya... hnnn... kehh... haaaah!"
The pace picks up as the black ogre rams the head of his cock deeper into Luka.
His cock churns her innards.
Luka "Guaaahhh... ahhnnngg... hunnnmmm! Stop... Hoooohh! Stahh... Stop! Enough! No more!"
Luka wails as she gags on her organs nearly being pressed out of her body.
Her tears matter not to the beast using her as an outlet for his own raging libido.
In fact, he seems to be enjoying himself so much he is nearing climaxing already.
Black Ogre "Guaaah! Ghooaa!"
Shlllllllllllllllrrrrrrrrrk!")
Luka "Hnnguaah! Uhnnngg! Ohaaahnngg... hoaahhh!"
In fast, yet small, increments, her body gradually starts to tolerate the head of his cock.
Her belly swells and deforms.
Luka "Hnnggah... ahhnngg... ahh! No... No fucking way! No way!"
The repulsive slimy sounds grow louder and faster.
The black ogre's giant rod stretches and rubs raw all that Luka's flesh contains.
Luka simply writhes from the heat, but the black auger roars loudly in pleasure.
Luka "Oh, fuck no! Hnngg! Kuhahh! Hoohh... Stop! Stop, you fucking piece of shit! Don't you... hnn... dare cum inside me!"
Luka "Hnnng! Kuaaahh... hohh... ohh... ahhyah... hnnn... kehh... haaaah!"
The rape has become so intense that only the most meager of cries can escape Luka's mouth.
The black ogre continues to increase his rage and speed as he jerks off using Luka's sad form.
Shllllk! Shlllk! Shllllk!")
Luka "Guaah! Hnnnk... hyaaaah! Naahhnnnnnggg... gyaaahh!!"
The outline of the head of his cock is visible as it thrusts into Luka's body.
At this moment, Luka's body can do nothing more than flail at the whims of the black ogre.
Blshkkkk! Glshhkkkk! Glshkkkk! Glshkkkkkkkkkkkk... glshkkkkkk!")
Luka "Guaahh! Ahhyaaa... ahhh... ahhh... hnnnggyaaah!"
The black ogre shoots his shot inside Luka, hitting with the force of a cannon.
The gushing and impact make her abdomen swell up like a sick cancer.
Luka "Hahh! My stomach! Too much jizz! Gonna burst!"
The giant cock inside her continues to spasm as Luka's belly dwarfs that of a pregnant woman's.
The gigantic cock continues to stretch through her organs.
It quivers and throbs while erupting cum.
Luka "Ahhyaaa! Aahh... aaaah... ahh... hnngg... gyaaah! No more! No more!"
Her belly is still distended from within, and she screams as her body flails.
The black ogre continues to dump his load in her as he stretches her body to the base of his cock.
Shllllllrrrp, shllllrrrrrp!")
Luka "Kahh... hn! Hnnng... ahh... ahh... hn!"
The black ogre slowly withdraws his giant dong with a slurp.
Luka's cunt gapes so wide a full-grown adult could easily put their arm inside even as it spews the ogre's splooge.
The flow of foul-smelling jizz seems endless.
Luka "Haah... hahff... ahh... haaahh..."
Luka trembles as the fluids find their way out of her.
As this happens, Luka seems to regain her wits.
Luka (Is it... is it over?)
Her whole body creaks as it seems to deflate.
She doesn't want to contemplate that her present deformation is from the sea of jizz spilling out of her twat.
But she has fulfilled her service to the black ogre.
But he maintains his grasp on her tiny body.
Luka "Hnng... Let go, fucker! You're done now! Hah... Get your... hnn... hands off me!"
Luka feels her hips suddenly raise up once more.
The black ogre's cock is still standing despite having cum so much already.
The cock of inhuman proportion is once again pressed against her slit.
Luka "Hnn... No... no fucking way. You already got off today! You already came!"
Luka grimaces at the pain from her nethers.
The black ogre's cock is still stiff and rigid even though it is overflowing with jizz, but it doesn't aim at Luka's slit.
It's aimed at her ass.
Luka "Oh, come the fuck on. That's a joke, right? You can't possibly..."
She chuckles in dry despair.
But the black ogre only sees her asshole as another object for his pleasing.
She can feel the end of his cock on her tight asshole.
Her legs twitch in terror.
Blchhhhhh...! Glchhhh, blchhhh, blchhhhhhhh!!")
Luka "Guaahhh... gaaahhh... ahhh... aahhh!?"
Though evolution decided it should have been an exit, Luka's anus has become an entry point for the gargantuan dick below her.
Luka thrashes about fighting against the black ogre's grip as she feels pain from him tearing her asshole open.
But her strength is nil in comparison to the hand enveloping her.
Luka "Guhaaah... hyaaah... ahh... ah... ahh... hnngg... gyaaah!!"
The trunk of a cock cuts through any resistance in her rectum.
Once more she can feel all of her organs being squeezed up to her throat. She screams from the sensation of her uterus being crushed through the walls of her anus.
Luka "Hahh! Hnnggah... ahhnngg... ahh! Hyaah! This is fucking impossible!"
She gasps and struggles to breathe as the air is pressed out of her chest.
The black ogre, holding Luka's body firmly, grinds her body over his cock, contemplating the texture of her intestinal walls.
First, there is the searing pain, and then her limbs jerk and twitch out of her control.
Luka "Hahh! Hnnggah... ahhnngg... hnn... Impossible... You don't under-fucking-stand, do you? Hnn!?"
Luka looks at the black ogre with pleading eyes.
But the only response she gets is a disgusting smile.
Black Ogre "Guhoooo!!"
Shllllk Shlllk! Shlllllk! Shlllllllllk... shlllk, shllllllk!")
Luka "Guhaaah! Hyaaah! Aahh... aaaah... ahh... hnngg... gyaaah!"
After getting familiar with her sphincter the black ogre once again begins to violently rape Luka like a pocket pussy.
The whole of her digestive tract is assaulted by the black ogre's cock.
The friction of the rape immediately rubs her intestines raw.
Disgusting sounds bounce off the walls as Luka is raped like a fuck toy.
Luka "Hnnng! Kuaaahh... ohh... ohh... hyah... hnnn... khh... haaaah!"
With a single loud thud, the black ogre's cock is already embedded in her chest.
Flaming pain races up from her rectum to the seat of her brain.
Luka "Hnnggah... ahhnngg... ahh! Ahh? Hahh... hyaaaah!?"
With each jerk of her body, the waves of heat from the black ogre and numbness from within her are running through her form.
At first, she just thought it was the pain from the tearing of her anal lining that keeps getting raped.
But it is different.
Luka "Hwaah... hyaaah!? Hnn... ahhh... No... no way... Hahhh!"
Luka shakes her head violently, rejecting the sensations rising from her anus. She wonders how it is possible to be fucked in the ass by such a monster penis and feels even a sliver of pleasure coming from it.
But now, Luka is certainly experiencing the horror and pleasure of being fucked deep in her core by the black ogre.
Luka just wants to cry at the pain of heat, tearing and spreading throughout her body from the giant cock raping her.
Screams struggle to escape her mouth and mix with the sounds of the scene. Her cunt writhes as her sphincter responsively tightens.
These changes only naturally please the black ogre.
He grips her harder and jerks his cock off more violently.
Luka "Hahh! Hnnggah... ahhnngg... ahh! Hyaah!"
He relishes fucking the deepest parts of her digestive tract.
The head of his cock repeatedly rams the depths of her intestines, stimulating her uterus through the walls of her anus.
Even though it is a violent and humiliating act that seems to be performed only for the black ogre's pleasure, Luka's body burns with a heat that is more than just pain.
Luka "Kwaahh! Hoh... hohhhh!? What the... What the hell? Hahh... This is... this is wrong! Hnnn!"
Lucaon "Hahaha! What's the matter? You don't seem to be having a good time with that giant cock, eh, Luka?"
Lucaon "Hah, you're like a good li'l fuck toy----bet you can taste his cock in your mouth!"
Luka "The fuck? I'm not just a damn toy! Hnn... Don't you... hah... dare compare me to that! Hooohh!"
Luka raises her head and screams at the pain inflicted by the cock running through her organs.
Her once slender piping is left agape and sundered by the log-sized dong.
The pain is so intense and unpleasant that she can't stop crying, but the core of her body feels like it's on fire.
Black Ogre "Guraaahh! Hooooh!"
Luka "Uhaaahh! No! No!! Stop!! Hnnggah... ahhnngg... ahh! Hnngg!"
Gripping harder on Luka's pelvis, the black ogre accelerates his movements once again.
Luka's body shakes as not just her anus is fucked, but her entire bowels are.
As the giant cock rapes all of the most sensitive and untouched lengths of her organs, blinding heat and pain run through her body.
Luka "Noooooo, nahhhh, noooo! This can't be! This ogre can't... Gahhhhhh!"
The thrusts are so strong that they make her stomach churn and her brain feel like it's about to explode with perverse pleasure.
Her body creaks and groans as the cock finds the ultimate depths of her flesh.
Her eyes widen as tears begin to fall.
Luka "Hnnn... Hyaa... Heeaaaaah! Hn... Nhaaa... Hannngg! Uhhnnngg! Hnnaaa... hahh... Hooohh... Nooo!"
Black Ogre "Guoooohhh!!"
The roaring black ogre twists Luca's body and pulls her all the way down to the base of his cock.
Blshhhk! Bshhhh! Glshhhh!")
Luka "Hnnng! Kuaaahh... ohh... ohh... hhyah... hnnn... kehh... haaaah!"
The sound of spurting echoes loudly from inside Luka's belly as the black ogre shoots his second shot into her intestines.
No longer does she resemble a pregnant woman but more of a swollen toad.
Luka screams at the climax and the sensation of her flesh tearing, and above all, the heat of the jizz that flows into her with a raging force.
Luka "Hnnh... ahh... No... No... No, no, no! I don't wanna cum! No!"
Blshhhhhhk! Dshlkkkkkk!")
Luka "Hwaaaah... Ahh! I'm cumming! Haaaaahhh!"
As her body climaxes, her sphincter contracts reflexively on the black ogre's cock.
The cock swells and hardens in response, tearing at her constricted anus.
Her intestines are already full of cum, but the spray does not relent.
The cloudy mess of ooze fills her stomach before it spurts explosively back out.
Luka "Guhnmmm! Unnmm... hnnmmmff... hn! Hnngg... hnmmmm!? Hwaa... ahh... hnmm... haaah!?"
Luka "Hooh... ooooohh... That's too... What the!? Oahhh... No... Haaaahh!"
While in the midst of her climax, Luka shudders at the newly sensed anomaly.
As the pressure surmounts, she turns her head upward and screams.
Luka "Buwaaahh!? Hyaahh... gaaaakhh!"
What once resembled a scream evolves into an eruption of ooze gushing out of her mouth.
Her eyes roll back, and her limbs convulse of their own volition.
Luka "Hahhh! Braaaah! Ehmmnnuuah!"
The whole setting immediately reeks of rotting spunk.
Pierced with his cock and his cock, Luka's body spasms again and tightens around the black ogre's cock.
Black Ogre "Guahh... guhooohh! Hoooohh!"
Spllllllrrrrrrt!")
Luka "Guaaahh! Hoooo! Haaa! Maaah! Haaaaa!"
The black ogre roars in delight as he shoots his load all the way through her.
Like a broken faucet, Luka retches out more and more splooge.
Luka "Ahyaa... hyaah... yaaah... hmm..."
After what seems like an endless amount of time, the black ogre finally drags his cock out of her body.
As it plops out, an unbelievable torrent of jizz falls out of her just like when he fucked her in the pussy.
Luka "Hahh... hakh... gekh... haff... ahh... hnn... hahh... hn..."
Mouth, cunt, and ass, all overflow with jizz.
She also seems to be submerged in some kind of bizarre pleasure.
Lucaon "Hahahaha, not too shabby. Let's see what tomorrow brings."
Luka "Uhh... kahhf... hmm... baah... hyaah... hah... hahh... hnn..."
Luka comes to her senses at Lucaon's words but pukes cum once again.
Even so, the light of willpower is being restored, albeit faintly, to her once vacant eyes.
Normally, if she were asked to return tomorrow under these circumstances, her heart would be completely broken.
But Luka, on the contrary, has some semblance of strength.
Luka (Yeah... yeah... I am... I'm still...)
That strength comes from the image of the mother and daughter saved behind her eyelids.
She still refuses to lose.
This is her last thought before passing out.
............
......
...
#04_luc010
A few days later.
Luka "Ugh..."
Luka's stomach growls.
Not that there is anyone to care, but her cheeks redden with shame.
Luka (I can't believe it's been half a month...)
The amount they've fed Luka since her arrival has clearly not been satisfactory.
She is lucky to get scraps, and never anything that could be called a meal.
Luka "But this is what a slave would normally expect..."
Luka somehow feels as though this is still not the worst-case scenario. There was a long time before Derek bought her that she did not eat at all.
Compared to then, she feels lucky that she still gets something every day.
But this is still a challenging time, considering the grueling days of her service.
She rubs her aching stomach.
Luka "Hahh..."
As she sighs, someone approaches her cell.
She steels herself for what challenge is about to unfold.
Lucaon "What is it, my dear? Your demeanor seems much more serious, does it not? Have you been contemplating the error of your ways?"
Lucaon cannot resist mocking Luka from the moment he sees her.
Luka thought she had been doing well to hide her fatigue, but apparently not. To hide as much of her condition as possible, she simply glares at Lucaon.
Luka "You go on and on just the same. I ain't done nothing to contemplate."
Her stomach groans and interrupts her monologue.
Lucaon "Bwahahahah!"
Luka "Oh, shut your mouth! Don't laugh at me!"
Luka's face turns bright red, and she yells at Lucaon.
Lucaon wipes the tears from his eyes as his laughs gradually calm.
Lucaon "Hahaha, oh, please forgive me. Oh, to have to eat slave's rations. I do feel sorry for you, indeed!"
Luka "Instead of running your mouth, you could just feed me more, ya know..."
Lucaon "But the boss is the one managing your needs. I ain't got shit to do with it."
About to say it was impossible, Lucaon puts his hand on his chin, looks up, and has an idea.
Seeing this, Luka's heart grows hopeful.
Luka "What's up? Spit it out."
Lucaon "There's always a loophole..."
Lucaon grins.
Luka's stomach rumbles again as if urging him to say what he's got in mind sooner rather than later.
Lucaon's laughter once more fills the dungeon.
Luka "Tch..."
The bar is crowded with the hustle and bustle of customers and filled with the smell of roasting meat and delicious drink.
Luka's mouth waters. It feels like an eternity since she knew such delicious smells.
Her stomach growls once more.
Luka blushes and looks to see if anyone has noticed. It doesn't seem so. All the patrons are too preoccupied with stuffing their faces.
Relieved by this, Luka heads for the counter.
Luka (I came here as Lucaon told me to, but... is this really not a trap?)
She cannot escape her anxiety.
Lucaon said that he could not arrange for the food, but that he would try to get someone else to take care of it.
Now, taken from her cell by Lucaon, Luka is in a familiar bar.
The Black Thrush.
She has frequented this establishment many times with Derek and the other knights.
Luka hates to stand before the barkeep she knows so well acting as a beggar.
But she reminds herself she must do whatever she can to survive this month of slavery.
Luka (Alright, to hell with it all...)
Having resolved herself, she approaches the bar.
The barkeep immediately notices her.
But his reaction is far from what Luka expected.
Shopkeeper "Hey, this isn't a charity for penniless slaves. Scram, get lost."
Luka "Hnn..."
He was so friendly the other day when the troops all came home post-victory. He even gave her free drinks.
But now, the once friendly face is etched with contempt for her because she is a lowly slave.
Luka clenches her fists, and they tremble at his cruelty.
Luka (Fuck... Get it together... Remember why you're here...)
Luka repeatedly quiets herself and manages to suppress her anger and humiliation.
Then, with a hardened expression on her face, she makes a request of the barkeep.
Luka "Well... I know this is pretty shit of me, but ain't there something you could spare me?"
Shopkeeper "Huh? You think I should be entertainin' slave's requests? You should be out scrounging through the rubbish! I'd let you get away with that much."
Luka "Well... Lucaon told to me to come here... arrange for a meal..."
Shopkeeper "Master Lucaon? I see..."
Luka defies her anger and buries it deep inside of herself as her fingernails dig into the palms of her hands.
Upon hearing Lucaon's name, the shopkeeper nods his head in approval, but his face still sneers.
Although this is as she expected, Luka's shoulders drop in disgust.
Luka (He'll probably wanna rape me, or have me do some sick show or some shit... Whatever, I'm a slave... it can't be helped...)
Luka faces the barkeep once more after concluding her inner dialogue.
Luka "So? What should I do?"
Shopkeeper "So disciplined. As I'd expect from one of General Derek's slaves. Shall we start right away?"
The barkeep raises his hand, and the surrounding customers who had been watching the scene unfold gather around with wretched grins.
Luka can't help but shudder at the patrons' and the shopkeeper's perverse smiles.
#04_luc011h_luc07
Luka "Come on guys... let's just... be normal!"
Luka shouts in protest to the row of male asses presented before her.
She has already sucked them off thinking that would earn her a meal.
But she was wrong.
Luka has been ordered to eat their asses until they cum.
Then jar their jizz and drink it all up in one go when all is said and done. That would be her meal for the day.
Luka "Hnn! How can you ask someone to rimjob your filthy ass!"
Man A "Hey, bitch! Watch your mouth! How should a slave be talking?"
Luka "The fuck, lay off already!"
Putrid smells from the asses before her penetrate her nose.
As she tries to turn her face away, they shove their asses against her face with perverse giggles.
Shopkeeper "What's the deal? You were the one that wanted to get them off. If you don't like it, then get the fuck outta here!"
Luka "Uhng... khh... khh..."
She never said anything about wanting cum.
What Luka wants is a meal. But when told that cum would be the proper meal for a slave, she couldn't argue.
Luka (Even cum is better than nothing...)
Luka grits her teeth hard and swallows down the disgrace.
Once she does so, she turns her face down and slowly faces the asses.
Luka "Well then... let me pleasure your asshole."
From her experience as a slave, she got used to repeating whatever they wanted her to say.
The ass is not flattering at all. The flesh is flabby with numerous pimples, and the area around the anus is thickly covered with hair.
The closer she gets, the thicker the sweaty and strange smell becomes, but Luka hides her humiliation and kisses his anus.
Luka "Muah... pahhh, khhh..."
Suddenly, fear and nausea well up in her.
An indescribable bitter and grueling taste spreads through her mouth. It even brings tears to her eyes.
Even though she knows she has to lick his asshole, her tongue shrinks back and doesn't move.
Man A "The fuck's the matter? Ain't this what you ordered?"
Luka "Don't get cocky...!"
Man A "What's that? You whinin' about somet'in'?"
The man gripes at Luka while waving his ass in front of her face.
She knows in her heart that there's nothing she can do, but she wishes she could beat him to death.
But she feels she must endure. For the mother and daughter. She must suppress her rage and shame.
Luka "Forgive me... I was just... enraptured by... your anus... L-Let me start again..."
Luka "Muah... muah, ngh, sckkkk..."
She regurgitates hollow words and presses her mouth to his dirty hole.
She swallows down her disgust to better lick and scrapes his anus with her tongue.
Luka "Muah, lckkkk... sckkkkkk... lckkkkk..."
The man's anus narrows tightly as if in pleasure.
Luka narrows her tongue as she prods, trying to penetrate it.
Luka "Ughh... hahh, hahh, ngh... Master, your asshoole... is... so delicious... Hahhh, nghhh... sckkkkk... sckkkkkk..."
Man A "Hah, there ya go. Lick it with gratitude."
Luka "Hah... Of course... I'm grateful... to lick your anus... Muah, sckkkk, ngh, lckkk, lckkkk, lckkkkk..."
Luka (Who the fuck... would be grateful...? Fucking bastard...)
Tears form in the corners of her eyes from the bitterness that numbs her tongue and the anger that makes her head spin.
The stench is unbearable. It is so bad that it burns her eyes.
But Luka has no choice but to pleasure his anus and get him off.
Luka "Your asshole... is tightening... Does it feel good? Lckkk, lckkkk, nghhhh..."
Man A "Oh yeah, you're doin' it right!"
When Luka presses the tip of her tongue hard against his anus, the man's hips shake, and he moans in pleasure.
His meaty rod also bounces with pleasure. The head of it, already swollen, is becoming more bloated.
Luka "Hnn... Your cock... is so hard... shall I pleasure it too?"
Luka says the words she remembers from her youth as a sex slave to expedite the ending of the shame.
She reaches around, grabs his member, and works it from the base to the head.
Luka "Sckkkk... sckkkkk.... slllllrrrrp... sckkkk... sllllrrrrp..."
At the same time, she extends her tongue and covers his anus with its widest part. She licks and rubs his entire asshole before slurping up the overflowing saliva.
Of course, she never stops working his cock. She rubs up from the base and tightens her grip.
Luka "Sckkkkk... sckkkkk... hahhhh... How is it? Does it... feel good?"
Man A "You ain't going to get a drop of jizz outta me like that! Work it properly if you want anything!"
Luka "Forgive me... How about... this? Sckkkkk... muah... sckkkk... sckkkk, sckkkk... lckkkk..."
Luka's body trembles in rage in response to the bastard.
Luka endures it and presses her tongue harder against the man's asshole. It is loaded with saliva, so it ends up coating his asshole with it.
Then the man's asshole opens up a little more as if he's relaxing.
Luka darts her tongue in and laps at his colon.
Luka "Sllllrrrrrp... slllllrrrp... sckkkkk... sckkkk... slllrrrp... slllllrrrp..."
Man A "Ugh! Oh, hell, that's good!"
The man's body trembles with pleasure as her tongue moves. Luka feels his cock twitch and writhe.
Luka accelerates her movements, hoping that she's near the end.
Luka "Sllllrrrrp... sckkkk... sllllrrrrp... sckkkkk, sckkkkkk, ngh, sckkkkk..."
She presses her wide-open lips on his asshole and sucks.
His hips twitch as she sucks hard on his asshole.
Luka "Aghhhhh... slllllrrrp, sckkkkk... muah... muah... nghhh... sckkkkkk... Ahhh... hahhh... sckkkkkkk!"
She strokes the walls of his colon with her tongue.
While doing so, Luka's hand grips his cock, jerking it up and down.
There is an audible suction sound from his precum as her palm moves over the ridge on the head of his cock.
Luka "Slllrrrp... sllllrrrrp, muah, sckkk, sckkkkk! Hahh, hahh... Does it feel good...? Muah, muah!"
Man A "Oh... good! Damn... good!"
Luka "Hnn... hah... I'm happy... So happy... Please... give me all your cum... Please bless me with... your delicious and thick cock juices..."
Luka "Muah...! Ngh, ngh, nghhhhh... muah, muah, sckkkk, sckkkkk!"
Luka repeatedly asks him to cum while tonguing his asshole.
She occasionally nibbles on his ass.
She moves her hand with more vigor due to the slime of his precum.
She enthusiastically works the head of his cock with her hands and fingers.
Man A "Oh, fuck! I can't hold out! So close!"
Luka "Lckkkk... sckkkkk... lckkkk! Sllllrrrrp... slllllrrrrrrrrp! Slllllrrrrp! Slllllrrrrp!"
She drills her tongue into his hole while jerking him off.
He stretches his legs reflexively as pleasure overcomes him.
Man A "Hwaaaaaahh!!"
Splllllrrrt! Bshhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh!")
Luka "Muah, sckkkk, sckkkkkkkk!"
As she rims him, he blows a massive load of white ooze out of his cock as it spasms intensely.
Without skipping a beat, Luka collects it all in her mug.
Luka "Hahahaha... Amazing. There's so much... Hmph... hafhh... hah... haa... haa..."
Luka "It's trembling in my hand... Master, your cock... is bouncing... Ahhh, incredible... Nghhh, there's just so much... Ahhhhhh...!"
She tries to please him with her words as she grips his throbbing rod.
Luka "Hahh... Thank you... hnnn... so much... for all the cum..."
Breathing a little harder, Luka thanks him.
While gently rimming him, she slowly moves her hand to milk the last drops out of his cock.
Luka "Ngh, muah... lckkk... ahhh, there's still more dripping from your cock..."
Man A "Heheheh... That was good..."
Luka "I'm glad you enjoyed it..."
Luka (Hakh... Fucking two-pump-chump over here... worthless fucking cock...)
Luka hides her inner anger and continues to pleasure him until the very end.
She gently works his twitching cock.
She gets the last drop out of his cock into her mug.
Man B "Hey! Come the fuck on! Been waitin' with me ass out here! There's more o'us in line, dammit!"
The next patron in line whines, but his face shows his disgusting desire.
Luka (Why... are you so excited to put me through this?)
She knows his face. He also frequents the Black Thrush.
Luka conceals her thoughts and feelings.
Her heart grows heavy at the thought of having to lick his asshole.
Luka feigns a smile to him as she apologizes.
Luka "Forgive me for the delay. I'll be there right now... And thank you for all your cum..."
Luka kisses the asshole of the last patron again to thank him, then quickly moves on to the next one in line.
Man B "Hey, hurry the fuck up!"
Luka "Uhnngg... Yes... sir... Nghhh, khhh, kfff... hahh... nghh, muah, lckk, sckkk..."
When she thought nothing could be worse than the first, the second ass smells even worse.
It takes all her strength to resist the urge to run away.
It's so pungent it sends shivers down her spine and makes her face and tongue stiffen.
Still, Luka scrapes the man's buttocks with the tip of her nose and presses her tongue against his soiled asshole.
Luka "Nghhh... glk, ngh... muah, lckkk, ngh, sllllrrrrp, muah, muah!"
Saliva is naturally secreted in large quantities in an attempt to neutralize the bitterness.
After sucking down her saliva, Luka presses and rubs his anus with her tongue, sucking it noisily.
His hips begin to tremble with her gentle rimming, and his ass puckers tightly as though trying to escape her tongue.
With a fearful look on her face, she licks more, causing his hole to widen.
Luka "Sllllrrrp... sllllrrrrp, ngh, sckkkk...! Hahhh, hahhh... Your asshole is delicious... Muah, sckkkk, muah, slllllrrrrrrp!"
Man B "Khh, ohhh... kfffff...! Oh, you're pretty good at this, ain'tcha? Heheh, I always knew you were a slut through and through."
The man goes out of his way to look back at Luka as he mocks her.
Her tongue stops moving as her chest burns with shame. However, she quickly resumes licking his asshole and thanks the patron.
Luka "Nghhhh, nghh, hahh... Thank you... Please enjoy yourself more... Hmfff... nghhhh... muah, muah, sllllrrrrp..."
She opens her mouth wide over his anus.
As she does so, she slurps hard and handles his cock, jerking his cock from base to tip just like the previous one.
Man B "Oh... you're good... How about I reward you for being a good sex slave!?"
Luka "Muah, muah, muah... hahh, ngh, ahh... A reward?"
She had no idea what he could mean...
Then his anus begins to open.
Brap!")
Luka "Hnnggf!? Hmnnn... khh... Oh, fuck that reeks!"
He lets one rip right into her face.
She winces as the odor penetrates her nasal cavity. It is like a finger has been stuck hard up her nose.
Luka "The fuck is wrong with you? Why would you... do that into my face... Why?"
She feels a slap on the back as she is about to give in to her anger.
A disdainful voice and pain try to tame her rage.
Shopkeeper "The fuck you on about? You don't like it? You're a fucking slave. If you're gonna forget your place, just leave!"
Luka "Khhh... uhh... ghhh... ghhh... hnn..."
If she leaves now it means that her previous shame will have been for nothing.
Luka does her best to calm down, saying that there must be something that takes precedence over her pride.
Luka "I-I'm sorry... Please let me continue to pleasure your asshole... I want to lick it more..."
She trembles with rage as she asks for forgiveness.
Man B "Hah, then you have something to say to me too, don't you?"
Luka "Yeah, yes... Thank you for the fart... Thank you... It smelled so good..."
Luka wishes she could crush the worthless cock she has to work. Begrudgingly, she thanks the man with a trembling voice.
She struggles to mask the anger within her.
Man B "Heh, heh, heh. Well, that's fine, I'll forgive your manners this time. So, go on."
Luka "Yes... Thank you. Thank you very much..."
With his permission, she continues tonguing his gaping asshole to bring this to an end as fast as possible.
Luka "Nghhhh... sllllrrrp, sckkkk, sllllrrrrp! Ngh... sllllrrrrp... sckkkkk, ngh, sckkkk, sckkkk!"
She can't escape the rancid taste as she rims him.
She shakes off the shock and continues to work his cock as she rapidly moves her tongue in and out. Precum dribbles onto her, making a symphony of sticky noises in her hands.
Man B "Hoh... Oh... This fuckin' bitch!"
Luka "Lckkkk... muahhh, sckkkk, nghhhh, sckkkk...! Please cum... a lot, nghhh... Give me your thick semen...!"
Luka "Sckkkk, sckkk, sckkkk, sckkkk...! Nghhh... Cum... Splurt it all out... Nghhh, sckkkk!"
She runs her hand up and down from base to tip.
Twisting her grip over the head of his cock, she presses her tongue harder against his anus.
Luka "Give me... all the cum you can... Sllllrrrrp, muah, sckkkk! Bless me with your delicious juices... Nghhh, lckkk, lckkkkk!"
Man B "Ohh... Hooohh, fuck... Already..."
Moaning with pleasure, the patron's hips tremble, and his scrotum tenses.
Luka rocks her head and strengthens her tonguing to coax his climax.
Luka "Haghhhh... nghhh, lckkk, lckkkk, nghhh! Nghhhh, mmmmmm!"
Man B "Kahh... ooohh... oohh! I'm... I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna blow!"
Spllllrrrt! Gshhhhhh!")
Luka "Hnmmmf... huhh! Hnkhh... uhh!"
His cock throbs in her hands as it spews a raging shot right up and out of the head of his cock.
Luka immediately grabs his rod and aims the tip toward the mug.
With a splash, the cloudy liquid accumulates in the mug.
A numbing odor rises up, stimulating Luka's nostrils. She is paralyzed by the stench.
Luka "Cum more... for me... please! Slllrrrp, sckkk... slllrrrp..."
In the palm of her hand, his penis pulses powerfully again and again.
As his cock pulsates, she sucks on his asshole, causing his cock to erupt in a powerful stream of cum.
Luka "Mmm... nghhh, muah... sckkk, sckkk..."
The third patron has Luka rub his sack as opposed to his anus.
She sucks his wrinkled, frizzy ball sack into her open mouth, licking and rubbing them with her tongue.
Luka "Mm... muah... muah, muah, muah... sllllrrrp... sckkkk...!"
Luka (I can't believe I have to do this fucking shit too...)
Contemplating her own feelings of worthlessness, Luka cannot completely restrain her tears.
Regardless, Luka still diligently performs her task and carefully tends to the patron's sack so as not to cause pain.
His testicles are hard and somehow soft at the same time. It makes Luka more uncomfortable.
Luka "Sckkkk, sckkkk... sckkkkk... Mm, sckkk... ngh, muah, sckkk... lckkk, lckkk, lckkk, lckkkkk..."
She gingerly sucks and kneads his delicate ballsack with her tongue.
The patron sighs in satisfaction.
Luka lets the sack free of her mouth as she continues to lick it.
Luka "Nghhh... lckkk, lckkk, sckkk... Hahhh... ngh, your balls are so heavy. They're wonderful... Muah, lckkk, lckkk..."
Luka "Here... is where Master's cum comes from... Hnnngg... This is... hah... such a pleasure..."
She pelts him with flattering words.
Luka's smeared saliva drips from the man's scrotum.
She opens her mouth wide and takes his scrotum into it again. Her mouth is absolutely filled with saliva.
Luka "Ahhh... ngh, mm... muah, sckkk, sckkk, ngh, ngh, nghhhh..."
While sucking on his sack, the tip of her nose tickles his anus.
The patron's anus constricts with a squeak but slowly widens a little again as if he is slowly letting down his guard.
Luka presses her sultry, well-defined nose against the center of it and tickles his asshole.
The man then backs off a bit but soon sticks his buttocks out as if to ask for more.
There, Luka finally releases her mouth from the ball bag and moves on to caressing the patron's anus.
Luka "Muah... ngh, muah, muah, sckkk, ngh... ngh, hahh... muah, muah..."
By the time Luka starts working as the third patron, her brain has already gone numb from the foul scents and tastes.
Luka just kisses the patron's dirty anus as if she were sucking the lips of her beloved in order to bring him to ejaculation.
Luka "Muah, muah... sckkk, muah, sckkk... ngh, nghhh, mmm, sckkk, sllllrrrp..."
While kissing a little harder, she also moves her hand over the patron's cock.
His cock was made as hard as possible when Luka sucked his sack, and it is now leaking precum.
The fluid mingles between Luka's fingers as she works the head of his cock.
Man C "Bloody hell... you're skilled, ain'tcha?"
Luka "Hnn... hah... Thank you... Hmm... for your praise... Please don't hold back..."
She spins flirtatious words to the patron and sucks hard enough to pull his open anus into her mouth.
The patron's buttocks squeeze and tighten from the intense pleasure. Covered in saliva, his scrotum is contracting.
Luka "Go ahead. You don't need to endure... Muah, sckkk, muah! Please bless me with your jizz... Sckkk, muah, sckkkk!"
Man C "Khh... You want me to cum that much, do ya?"
Luka "Hnn... Yes... I want streams of your... thick cum... Hah... Please..."
Luka "Sckkkk! Ngh, nghhh, nghhhh!"
Luka (Hurry the fuck up, you sick son of a bitch!)
Luka sucks on his hole and prods it with her tongue. The patron arches his back in anticipation.
Luka watches the scene above and presses her tongue in deeper.
Luka "Ngh, nghh, slkkk...! Nghhh, nghh, nghh, nghh... sckkk, lckkk, lckk, lckkk, lckkkkkk... sckkkk...!"
Man C "Hoohh... Okay, I'm close!"
Luka "Ahhh... ngh, yes, ah, nghh... please give it all to me... Mmm, pah, ngh, muah, sckkkkk!"
Splllrt! Gshhhhhhhhhh!!!")
Luka "Hnn... hmmff! Hnnnnfff!"
His cock swells up and sprays a load of jizz into her cup.
His cock twitches and pulsates while launching shots of splooge into the mug.
Luka "Ahh... More... Give me more! Enough to fill up my mug... Sckkkk, muah, sckkkkk!"
Luka works his cock while driving her tongue deeper into his hole.
The sensation forces more cum out of his cock.
Then, a short time later...
Luka has given rimjobs and milked more than ten patrons.
Shopkeeper "I think the preparations have been taken care of. The mug looks pretty full."
Luka "Hah... hnkk... hahh..."
Half-dazed before the speaking barkeep, Luka drops her gaze to the mug.
The mug is certainly full of frizzy hair and cloudy, yellowing fluids.
Once again, her body trembles from the mug's weight and the strong, revolting scent coming from it.
Luka "Glgg, ngh, hahh... hahh, hahh..."
Man A "Hey, you wanted it that bad, eh?"
Even though she's just sucked down in her spit in horror, the men laugh.
Luka doesn't even try to deny it. She just drops her eyes and shakes his shoulders.
Shopkeeper "What's wrong? Go on, drink it down."
Luka "Y-Yes..."
Luka raises her face and checks the contents of the mug as though she wants to see what she's so afraid of.
It looks more like jelly rather than a fluid because of how thick it is.
Goosebumps spread across her exhausted body.
Luka (For real? I can't believe... I have to do this shit...)
She doesn't want to drink it.
But she is starving to death after pleasuring so many men. This is the only sustenance she is going to be given.
Luka looks up and around at the Black Thrush.
Her eyes are met with the patron's perverse smiles.
Reflexively, she responds with her practiced flirtatious smile.
Luka "I... I must thank you all... for your donations... Now... let me sample it..."
Like the good slave she is, she brings the mug to her lips.
Luka "Hn... hnff... hnng... hngk!"
Chunks of cloudy muck fill her mouth.
Luka frowns at the bitter flavor but is reminded it is slightly less bad than their assholes.
Even though she is used to drinking jizz, spunk that has had a chance to age even a little is just the worst.
Luka "Hnngg... hnnmm... hahh... hnn... hnkh... khn!"
But Luka does not pull her mouth away from the mug.
She exhales deeply from her nostrils as she tries to drink it down.
Luka "Bnmhmmm!? Gunnnmmmh... baafhhh... hnff... hufh... hnnm... hmmm!"
The large amount of white fluid that pours in is like a thick, stringy mucus. It makes her sob uncontrollably.
Somehow, she manages to not spit it out, but the juice that enters her trachea floods out of her nose and forces out a cough.
The patrons point and laugh at this.
Still, she drinks.
Luka "Hn... hnff... hnng... hngk... hnnmm... pahh... hmm... khh... hnn!"
The fluid sticks to her throat. It is so sticky it has a hard time flowing down her throat.
It's horrifyingly disgusting.
No matter how much she drinks the cup never seems to empty.
The membranes of her mouth and esophagus all seem to be covered with white fluid.
She has had enough as her stomach already feels full.
Shopkeeper "What's the matter? Don't say you don't want to keep all the cum you've been given?"
Luka "Ngh, nghhh... nghhh, nghhhh, pahhhh... I drank it... Bahhh... nghhh, nghhh, nghhh, nghhh, glgg, nghhh!"
Luka shakes her head, panicked by the barkeep's words.
She downs the remaining goop in one shot.
Her slender throat rises and falls repeatedly as she pours the white liquid into her gut.
And...
Luka "Hnnmmm... pahh... hnnff... hnn... hah... hah... hnng... paaah..."
At last, she has drunk all the jizz from the mug.
Even her breath smells of it now, and the area around her mouth is covered with white juice and frizzy hair.
The men clap their hands and mock Luka.
However, Luka just slumps into a daze.
Shopkeeper "Hey, what's wrong? You don't have anything to say? No words of gratitude? You're impertinent for a slave."
Luka "Hah... hnn... Forgive me..."
At the shopkeeper's scolding, Luka slowly raises her head and looks at the patrons of the Black Thrush.
Luka "T-Thank you all... for the wonderful meal... hah... and your kindness... and your cocks..."
A loud belch escapes from her mouth in the middle of her speech.
The men burst out in laughter as Luka shivers, holding the empty mug in her hands.
............
......
...
#04_luc012
Many days later...
Luka "Finally, today is..."
As Luka counts the number of stains on the walls of her prison one day at a time, she trembles with joy, not only in her voice but also in her body.
Finally, Luka has finished a month of slavery.
Now, she can return to her position as a knight.
Though her body is exhausted, her heart is filled with a sense of accomplishment for what she has endured.
She cannot suppress her impatience for freedom as she peers through her bars.
As if sensing her mood, Derek appears before her.
Derek "I'm amazed you made it through a month, Luka."
Luka "In-Indeed..."
Her heart trembles at even the slightest praise from Derek.
The realization that this is really the end also becomes stronger.
Then, suddenly, Luka remembers her original purpose.
Luka "Commander, that mother and daughter... are they doing well?"
Derek "Yes, of course. Well, since you're here, why don't you go see them?"
Luka "Really?"
Derek "Your period of slavery is over. Of course, it's okay."
Luka "Understood... Thank you very much."
As she thanks Derek, she becomes acutely aware things may not be as they seem.
She feels that things are going too well.
She doubts that it was really out of kindness that Derek let her live as a slave for a month instead of outright executing her.
Naturally, Derek must have ulterior motives.
But what role do the mother and daughter play? Are they really safe?")
Thinking about this, Luka's sense of accomplishment is extinguished, and she unintentionally wraps her arms around herself.
Derek "What's wrong? Are you not coming?"
Luka "Uh... I, no, I'm going..."
She cannot refuse him now.
Luka nods to Derek as she gulps with her dry, nervous throat.
Luka "Well... Commander, this place is..."
With Derek leading the way, Luka is not only out of the dungeons but also out of the castle and eventually into the brothel district.
As usual, the town is abuzz with the inviting voices of women and the laughter of men.
Luka (Why...? Why here? But the commander... he...)
The tension makes her heart beat faster and faster.
A bad premonition grows in her mind, making Luka's legs heavy.
She does not want to go any further.
Even with that in mind, she follows the commander up to the front of a brothel.
Luka "C-Commander..."
Derek doesn't respond to Luka's tears, he just smiles and walks into the brothel.
Luka "Inside..."
Her bad feeling will surely become a reality. While thinking that, she goes through the door of the brothel.
Mother "Hoohh... ahhh... Fuck my MILF cunt! It needs a real man's cock! Hnngg!"
Daughter "Nghhhhh! Ahhhhh! It's so deep... anghhhh! Your cock is so deep...! Your cock... is even in my womb!"
The mother is straddling a younger patron, fiendishly grinding her hips.
Next to her, the daughter is being raped by a fat man.
The girl roars with glee as her juvenile crack is split open by a ferocious cock.
Daughter "Oh, more! I need your cock! Ahhh, ahhhh! Fuck me harder! Like you're going to break me!"
Mother "Hahh! It's so good! You've got exactly what... hnn... a woman needs! I'm going to cum! I'm cumming!"
Luka "What... the fucking hell?"
A room away, Luka can recognize the sounds of the mother and daughter.
Luka looks up toward Derek as she nears breaking down.
Derek "You see before they were scavenging in the streets of the slums, I gave them work like proper whores."
Luka "But... But..."
Derek "What's the matter? Does it seem to you that they are being forced to do anything against their will?"
Mother "Hahh, yes! I love fresh, young cock! Just the energy my MILF cunt needs!"
Daughter "Oh, sir! Please! Please fill my cunt with your seed! Pump me full of it!"
Luka "Uh... ah, ahh..."
Luka can only groan at the pleased moans she hears.
Derek snickers at Luka.
Derek "You think the way of the Service Nation is evil? Don't be mistaken. What is evil is being weak. I told you that being weak is a sin in itself."
Derek "If you are weak, you will be eaten. If you don't like it, you have to become strong or take advantage of the strong. That mother and daughter were able to realize that reality."
Luka "But... But I... But..."
Luka believes she must form a rebuttal. But no words come to her. She has no idea what she should say.
She wants to say this is wrong. But her tongue stiffens in her maw, and she cannot utter a single word.
Luka (Only the strong are right. That's how the Service Nation should be. I tried to prove my correctness by saving these two with my own strength.)
This is the way of the Service Nation.
Luka (If I had more power, I would have been able to save her. It's because I don't have power. And those two are weak...)
They chose a life pleasuring men.
A life without suffering and with less hunger than before.
Luka (If that's the case... was I wrong in trying to save those two?)
But how far could Luka have gone?")
Even if they managed to escape from the Service Nation, Luka couldn't guarantee the mother and daughter's livelihood.
It is always possible that the mother and daughter would end up as prostitutes eventually.
In such a case, perhaps working in one of Derek's brothels really is the lesser evil.
Could Luka have provided entirely for them on her own?")
Luka (I don't get it... I don't understand...)
Mother "More... more! Ahhhh, good! There! Deep in my cunt! Thrust it even deeper!"
Daughter "I want it! In my cunt! In my womb! Fill it right up!"
Luka "Ugggghhh..."
Their voices spin in Luka's confused head.
Reflexively, Luka turns her gaze upon her commander.
Derek "How does it feel? I guess I'm responsible for your suffering like that too. I seem to have misled you."
Luka "Huh?"
Derek "You must have thought that you had become stronger."
Luka "That's..."
That's right. Luka did believe she had become stronger.
In fact, since learning the way of the sword from Derek, no one has ever disparaged Luka as a half-elf. That is because Luka has become so much stronger.
Derek "What have you been through this past month, and what kind of things have you done? Can you say that is the appearance of a strong person?"
Luka "Tch..."
Her mind has been a collage of hell-scapes since her time as a slave started.
Raped by those who should have respected her.
Raped by those she looked down upon.
Raped by strangers.
Luka was just a fuck toy with no personhood.
Just the same as she was before she was bought by Derek.
Derek "You allowed yourself to think that being by my side made you stronger. You have no value or strength of your own."
Luka "But... But that's... But..."
Luka doesn't believe that. She is certain that she has grown and become stronger.
But she can't force those words out of her mouth.
Derek "You're not unlike the helpless kid you were when I bought you. I'm going to teach you that now, and I'm going to teach you plenty. Don't you ever make that mistake again."
As soon as Derek finishes saying those words, a large group of soldiers enters the brothel.
Luka is immediately apprehended by the soldiers and dragged out of the room.
Luka "No! Let go! Let go of me! Take your hands off!"
Mother "Hahh, I'm going to cum! I'm cumming again! This old lady is cumming again!"
Daughter "I'm cumming too! Sir, fuck me harder! I'm cumming!"
Even now, Luka still resists.
As if aware of Luka's departure, echoing throes of climax ring out from the mother and daughter.
#04_luc013h_luc08
Luka "Hnnngg! Kff... hnn... khh..."
The soldier's dick is forcefully pushed into Luka's cunt. Her hole has almost no moisture, but it is prodded forcibly, and it creaks with pain due to the friction.
As Luka tries to hush her cries, another soldier's hand reaches for her tits. The soldier's hand squeezes forcefully while also pinching her nipples.
Luka "Hhh, ngh... nghhhh, kfff, mmm!"
The place where Luka was brought is a room for training new whores.
A number of soldiers surround Luka while she is bound and hung there.
Luka is acutely aware the only way she'll be let out is when all the soldiers are satisfied.
Luka "Nahhhh, aghhh, kmmmmfff... nghhhh! Hahh, hghh, khhh... nghhh, i-it's hot... Nghhh!"
The soldier violently fucks her hole for his own pleasure.
Her womb throbs from the nearly painful rhythm of it.
The desire to be thrust into even faster and deep spreads from deep in her heart. She tries to twist her hips on her own.
Luka (No... Hnn... I don't want that... Why do I...? Hahhh!)
Soldier A "Heh, seems like the last month has taught you well. Your cunts really chomping down on my cock, eh?"
Soldier B "Ain't her tits bigger too?"
Luka "No... No... That's... Hnkh! Hahh... hnnngg... S-Stop... that... Pull it out!"
One soldier twists her nipples while the other pounds her pussy.
It hurts, and most frustrating of all, her body shakes as strongly as if she had been struck by lightning.
Her pussy begins to salivate and writhe, drawing his cock in deeper.
Just as they mocked her, her body has grown used to rape and punishment.
Luka (No, no, no... I... I... Hahh... hnn!?)
Desperately trying to regain her composure, Luka suddenly jerks, and her suspended body twitches.
Her eyes meet Derek's as he looks down at her.
He looks down at Luka, who was supposed to be his subordinate, with eyes that confirm her status as a whore.
Luka "Hyeh!? Ahh, ahh... Commander... Hnnnkh, ungh, nahhh, ahhhh... ahhhhhh!"
She is no longer seen as a subordinate.
She should comprehend that, but just the feeling of Derek's gaze makes her body burn all the hotter.
Her restrained limbs shudder, and her whole body is dyed red, emitting heat as if on fire.
Soldier A "Hnnngg!? Howd'ya get so tight? Gonna fuck your cunt with all I got!"
Shllllp! Shlllllk! Shllllllllrrrrrrp!")
Luka "No... No... Hwaah! Naah! Hnngg... hnnnmm! Ahhmm... hnngg... gnnnmmmhhh!"
His pace quickens as Luka's body reacts.
He rams his swollen cock into her cervix over and over.
Luka "Hwaaah! Kahf... hunnnh... hnmmm... hngg... gah!"
Luka feels like she's about to moan from the pleasure welling up from her nethers and numbing her mind.
Even if she can manage to restrain her cries, she cannot force her body to resist in the same way.
As the soldier thrust deeper into her cunt, nectar overflows from where they're joined.
Her cunt writhes, contracts, and forces his dick in deeper.
The soldiers' movements accelerate to match the intensity of the sensation.
Luka "Hahh! Ahh... naaah! Hanngg... hnn... hnnnff! Haffh... ahh... No... No, that's not right... ahnnngg!"
The soldier rubbing her tits squeezes them so hard that his fingers dig into them.
It hurts in a pleasing way, and Luka can't help but wish it hurt just a little more.
Luka's mouth is nearing the end of its ability to stay shut as the sensation from her cunt and tits floods her mind.
Soldier A "Oh, fuck! This is gonna make me blow my load!"
With a twitchy smile, the soldier gouges Luka's cunt even more violently.
His dick, clearly more swollen than at the time of insertion, strikes her cervix mercilessly.
Luka "Hannngg! Hnng... ahh! Huffh... ahhf... hnngg... uhh..."
Soldier A "Hooaah! I'm gonna pump you full!"
Luka "Nhyyaah! Ahhh! Hoohh... kaffhh... So... hard... Aahh... So... deep! Deep! If you go that deep... Hahh!"
Luka reluctantly shakes her head.
But at that moment, the soldier's penis trembles greatly inside her.
Spllllrrrrt! Gshhhh! Gshhhhhhh!")
Luka "Kkyaaah... yaahhh... hyaaah! Ahh... No... No, it's so hot...! Hahhh!"
The piping-hot jizz bursts out of the cock so hard it slams into her cervix.
Her womb feels like it will ignite as the cock launches jizz into her.
Luka "No... No! Ahhhhh... nahhhhh!"
Luka refrains from letting the word cum escape her lips.
But it is an undeniable fact that she is being swallowed by the illusion of a momentary sense of levitation. It is a feeling of pleasure that is an order of magnitude different from anything he has ever felt before.
Luka "Hmm! Ah... haaaffhh... hah!"
Soldier C "Okay, my turn!"
Shlllllk! Shllllrrrrrk!")
Luka "Hahh... naaah! Ahnnn, hghhh, unnnggh...!"
The first spray is over, and before she has time to soak her consciousness in the languor that envelops her body, she is raped by the next soldier.
The afterglow of the climax bursts into flames, and an unstoppable gasp flows from Luka's mouth.
Soldier C "Hoh, you're shaping up to be a top-notch whore!"
Luka "Hghhh! Ungh, nghhh, kmmmm! Ahhhhh, there... Hnghhh! Unghhh, nghhh, mmmmmm, hahhhh!"
The soldier is rough and moves his hips precisely while firmly watching Luka.
He works his way in gingerly at first and then slams through the rest of the depths of her pussy. The repetition of these movements causes Luka's body to burn.
The heat in her core and the hammering of her womb just make her want to be fucked harder.
Luka tries to resist these loathsome desires by clenching her fists and digging her nails into her palms.
Luka "Kafh... uhhhnn... hnnnggg!"
Soldier C "Hahahah! Such a tight pussy and you think you can hold back? Try this on for size!"
Luka "Hnnf!? Hynnnn, naaah! Aahh... It's... Naah! Echoing... there... Hnnnmm... haaaah!"
He fucks the depths of her cunt as if knowing that's what Luka wants.
Luka's body jumps with the impacts, each one piercing her brain.
Soldier D "We can all see how much you love cock. No need to be shy 'bout it, missy."
A cock is thrust up to Luka's face.
Luka "Hnhyy!? Haaahh... ahh... ahh... No... That's... No way... No... Hnn!"
He rubs his cock, wet with precum, on her cheek. Its strong odor pushes into her nasal cavity, filling her skull.
Luka's womb begins to throb with unbearable heat.
Soldier C "Hahahaha, that's amazing. As soon as she smelled your cock, her pussy got tighter!"
Luka "No... that's... nghhh! That's...! Ahhh, ungh, nghhh, hahhhh!"
Luka tries to deny the soldier raping her. However, she can't even manage to utter a complete thought.
Although she should have hated it, Luka pulls her face in to suck the cock on her own, smearing her cheeks with precum.
Soldier D "Heeheehee, you want my cock that bad? That's grand, come on then. I'm gonna make you feel it even more."
Soldier B "Your nip's have been hard this whole time! Let's try this!"
Pleased with Luka's reactions, the soldiers begin working their cocks harder and groping her tits tighter.
The strong scent of jizz pushing into her nostrils makes her head spin.
It should have been humiliating, but her whole body is about to burst with pleasure.
Luka "Ahh... ahhhhnn... I... I already... Hnn... hah... hahh... I... I... Hnn!?"
She hears a charming voice that is not her own as she tries to suppress the pleasure without knowing why she has to continue to endure it.
Without a doubt, it is the lusty voices of the mother and daughter.
At that moment, a thread of tension breaks within Luka.
Luka "Naah, ahh! Too much! Hahh... Just, no! Hahh... No!"
Soldier C "The hell? She's... getting tighter! She really wants that jizz!"
Shlllk! Shlllk! Shlllllrrrrrrrrk!")
Luka "Naaah! Ahhh... hnnn... ahhnn... Oh, fuck... Haahh... ahhh! So, so deep! So... deep in my cunt... Heehnnn!"
Luka is also not faking her feelings before the soldiers as they thrust their cocks madly with pleasure.
The flesh affirms their words, and her cunt queefs as it grows tighter and tighter around the rod within her, trying to get more pleasure from it.
Soldier C "Hoooh! Ohh! I'm gonna cum!"
Luka "Come on, cum dammit! In me! On me! Give it all to me!"
Luka moans in response to the soldiers roaring.
She feels the heights of climax near as she notices the cock in her cunt and the cock in her mouth increases in heat and size.
Luka "Hnn! I'm... already... going to cum! Hoooh!"
Spllllrrrt! Gshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhh!")
Luka "Hnnn! Aahh! So much... I'm cumming so much! It's so hot! Haahhh... I'm cumming... Hannn!"
Luka "Kwaaah! Uhhhh!"
Luka screams out in climax, coaxed by the heat of the white spunk that is sprayed into her cunt.
Cum keeps pouring into Luka's mouth without end.
Luka "Hahh... hnn... Jizz... Dick juice... Hynnnh!"
Having let go of what she has endured and tried to preserve, Luka simply continues to scream from the perverse pleasure of her own rape.
Soldier E "Hurah, no rest for the wicked!"
Luka "Hnghhhhhh! Ahhh, it's reached so deep! Just so many cocks!"
Without skipping a beat, as soon as the second soldier pulls out, the next is already there to take his place.
The mingled fluids splat to the floor as a new cock starts to pump.
Luka "Anghhhhh, kahhhhh! Ahnghhh, ungh, kfnghh, nghhh! More! I want more cock!"
Luka had so much self-restraint before, but it has completely vanished.
Luka's whole body shudders with pleasure at the feel of the cock rubbing against her hot folds of flesh and at the heat cock in her face.
Soldier E "Hahaha, look at her go! Feel good, don't it?"
Luka "That's Hnnnff! That's... Hahhnn... ahh!"
For a moment, something comes to Luka's mind.
But the rhythm of the two cocks kills that thought.
It's not just the soldier raping her cunt. The soldier before her rubs his growing erection against her face.
Luka "Hyaaaah! So... good! Haoooh... oohh... naaah! Hyaaah... It feels so good... Your dicks feel so good!!"
She can feel her womb deform against the pounding in her pussy.
Panting in pleasure, her lips rub against his veiny rod.
Luka doesn't restrain her thoughts of pleasure when she speaks.
Soldier E "Ooooh! Your pussy feels good to me too! I'm gonna cum deep inside you like this!"
Luka "Hnnn... hyaaahh! Cum for me! Cum! Fill me! Fill me with your cum!"
Luka "My face... all over my face! Cum for me! Hyaaah!"
Her bound body gyrates with the desire for hot cum. Her pussy squeezes intensely, and his whole cock rubs up along the wriggling walls of her pussy.
The sight of Luka like this pushes the soldiers past their limits.
Soldier E "Hoohh, I got so much for you! Gonna fill you up good and proper!"
Luka "Huaaah! Hahhh... Do it! Fill my womb with your seed!"
The cock is thrust in deeper and deeper.
Her back arched, she takes the thrusts into her quivering cunt.
She is acutely aware of how the cock is bouncing in agony inside of her.
Spllllrrrrt! Gshhhhhhh!")
Luka "Hyhh! Nhnnn! Aahh... naaah!"
Luka "Hyaaaahhh! Cum! Cum for me! Cum inside me! Shower my face in it! I... I... I... Hn!!"
Jizz sprays into and onto her.
Her whole body trembles as she takes the loads right into her brain.
Luka "Ahhhhh, I'm cumming! Your cum is making me climax!"
An overwhelming pleasure envelops her whole body.
Lost in the moment completely, Luka screams out in joy.
Luka "Aghhhh, nahhh... nahhhhh... hahhh... hahhh..."
Her whole body is enveloped in post-climax languor.
Cum spills out of her crotch, and sticky cum wets her face. The breath spilling out of her is hot.
She has lost the point of absolute self-loss as she dazes into the haze of orgasm.
But she is still not satisfied, and her body aches for more.
Luka "Hahh... hahhh... haah... haaah... haaaaaaah..."
As if encouraged by the incessant tingling, Luka twists her white-coated, suspended body, seeking more cock.
Derek "You look like you're starting to understand."
Luka "C-Commander..."
Derek's words turn the pain into something even greater.
Luka's instincts react to the voice of the overwhelming man who rules this place.
Luka (It's...! My body and my womb are so hot!)
Longing for more seed, her cunt tingles greater.
Breathing hot, she turns her eyes up to Derek.
Luka "Nahhh, hah, ahh... Commander... Oh, Commander... Hnnn..."
She yearns for him to fuck her and inseminate her.
She can't control her desire any longer as evidenced by the gushing pussy juices clearing out the previous loads of jizz.
If Derek rapes her here and now, it may all come to an end...
Such thoughts flash through her mind. But only momentarily.
She sees Derek grinning at her.
Luka strains her neck as she sees him move toward her cunt.
His raging hard-on is visible through his pants.
Luka "Ah... hahhh..."
That alone causes Luka to let out a sigh of delight.
Spllllrrrrt, gshhhhhh!")
Luka "Kyahh!? Hyaah, hah, haghhh... khnghhhh!"
A cock incomparably larger than the previous soldiers' is rammed deep into the deepest reaches of her cunt.
Her uterus feels the shock that then spreads up her body and spine.
Luka "Ah, ahh... This... This...! This is... Hahh, hahh, hahhh, ah, ahhh... I... I... I...!"
Her cunt is agape and drowned in this overwhelming heat.
Her vacancy is filled.
Both instinct and reason understand that she has been waiting for this for a long time.
Luka "C-Commander... I... I... Uhh... No... Hahh... ahhh!?"
Luka "I'm going to cum! Hahhhh... I'm cumming! I'm sorry! Even though you just stuck it in... I'm cumming!!"
Pleasure erupts as he drives his cock deeper into her.
A single thrust is all it took to take her over the edge.
Luka "Hahhhhhhhh! Commander! Ahhhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Her whole body trembles with joy.
The thought of enduring and resisting seems ridiculous to her now.
It is burned into her soul that Derek is absolute.
Luka has finally found the truth that as long as she has Derek, she can leave everything to him.
Then Luka's ears hear his faint laugh.
Derek "All this from just insertion? I cannot distinguish if this is good or not."
Splllllrrrt! Gshhhh! Gshhhhhhh, gshhhhhhhhhhh, blshhhhhhhh!")
Luka "Hahhh! Nghhh! Ahhhhhh! Hahhhh, aghhh, nahhhhhh! Commander, ahhh, ahhhh, Commander!"
Derek begins raping her at long last.
His rigid, bloated rod pierces her like a spear.
More intense pleasure rips through her euphoric state.
Luka "Nahhhhhh! Ahhhh, a cock! Commander, your cock is inside of me! Ah, aghhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh!"
The movement is still gentle, but so much pleasure runs through her cunt that she loses herself.
Derek's cock does nothing short of amaze her.
Luka "I want it... This dick... Your dick, Commander... Hnnn... I want it! Haaaannh... I want your dick, Commander!"
Derek "You're grasping the circumstances. You betrayed my orders."
With a snicker, Derek pauses his thrusting.
Luka presses her hips against him trying to fuck him back while desperately apologizing.
Luka "Forgive me... Please forgive me! I... hnngg... ahh... I was wrong... Hnn... So wrong... Hahh!"
Very, very gently, her cunt is once more raped.
Desperately wanting him to move inside her, she tries to spin words of excitement for Derek. She searches for whatever it might be Derek is looking for.
Luka "T-The weak... Hah... hnn! Happiness... is only... hahhnn... given by... the strong..."
Luka "Despite... hnn... khh... hnnff... hah... hahhhh... that... I mistakenly thought that I was strong... Hahh!"
Derek "Indeed."
Luka "I... I'm not your... subordinate. I'm your possession. I'm your property! So... Hahh!"
She wants to be used. She wants to feel better about herself.
If she can manage at least that, she might find some shred of malformed dignity.
With the heart of a slave, Luka tightens her cunt on Derek's cock.
She looks back to see him grinning.
Derek "You know that without me your existence has no meaning, don't you?"
Luka "Yes, yes! Hahh... All I can hope for... is to be used by you..."
Derek "And don't you ever forget it."
As Derek says this, he thrusts deep into her pussy.
Luka "Oh... ahh... I'm gonna... I'm going to... cum! Haahhh!"
Luka "I'm going to cum! Hahhhh! I'm... cumming again! I'm fucking cumming! Khnghhhh, hahhhh! Ahhh... nahhhhh!"
Derek holds onto Luka's hips and slams his rod into her. The hardened head of his cock is as big as a fist, and it slams into Luka's cervix.
The hard, violent pounding feels like it will pierce past her womb.
Luka "Kfhhhh! Nghhhh! It's hard! Commander, your dick, ohhhh! Commander, nahhhh, ahhh, Commander, ahhhhhhhhh!"
Pleasure is piled on top of pleasure, and it feels so good that Luka can't even feel the pain.
Luka continues to try to flatter Derek.
Luka "More! Give me more! Commander... use me more! I beg of you! Use my cunt! It feels so good. I'm begging you!"
Derek "Then show me you're worth using."
Luka "Hnnnngg! Ahynn... hnnngggh!"
A slap echoes off her ass.
The heat of the pain feels so hot that it is burning. But the pleasure is so unbearable.
Luka "Hahh... hahhhh! Commander... ahhh, how is this!?"
As her ass cheeks burn, she puts all her strength into her core.
She tightens her cunt down harder than ever before on Derek's cock.
Derek "Hnn, good girl."
Derek rapes her more vigorously, and the sound of their flesh slamming against each other echoes in the chamber.
His rigid rod burrows through her pink folds.
Luka "Hnnnhyaaa! Hnnngg... khhhf! So fucking deep! Hahhnn! Never deeper... You're so far... into my womb... Hnnn!"
Luka "Hyaaah! Heeehhnnn! Your dick... feels too good. Uhaahh... ahh... hnnn!"
Every time the cock slams in all the way to the base, Luka sees white.
But she resists. She fights against climaxing. No, she's not just enduring.
Luka "It feels so good! Hahh... I want to feel you more... with my cunt... Hnnn!"
She gyrates her hips in time with Derek.
Each time the head of his cock beats her cervix, her cunt tightens more.
Each fold of her cunt is begging his spear to explode inside of her.
Luka "Aaah, please, I'm begging! Cum in me! I want your seed in my pussy, Commander!"
Derek "Very well, it's about time I give you what you want."
Blch, blch, blch, blch!")
Luka "Hahhhhh! So deep! Your cock... is so good! I'm already... cumming! I...! I'm cumming! Commander!"
Derek's pistoning increases in speed. Luka's sexual sensation is amplified in proportion.
Although she is about to climax, Luka stops at the very edge of no return and asks Derek to cum.
Luka "Inside my cunt! My pussy! Fill it please! Oh, your seed! Please fill me up with your seed!"
Derek "I'll give you a taste. Plenty even."
Derek's dick is pushed in so hard that it shakes Luka's whole body.
His giant dong pierces directly into her womb.
Luka "Hyaaahh... hnnn... hnnng... ahhh! Oh, Commander! Commander! Hooohh!"
Luka "Haahh! Hyahhh... khnghh... hngh... hngh!!"
All of the muscles in Luka's body and especially in her cunt contract.
As if drawn in by the contractions, Derek's cock dives in and unleashes its jizz into her.
Spllllrrrt! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhh!")
Luka "Hwaaah! Ahh! So hot! So much cum! You're cumming inside me! In my pussy! In my womb! Haaaah!"
The thick white spunk is hotter and thicker than any man she's ever had. It fills her uterus.
The eruption does not stop, and Luka's cunt overflows with jizz.
Luka "Hwaaah! Ahh... Forgive me... Please forgive me! For spilling your seed... Forgive me!"
Luka "Hahh... I shouldn't have... Hnn... I shouldn't have wasted so much... Again... Hahh!"
Luka's sweat-drenched body convulses.
When it seems to stop for a moment, Luka screams out in climax, flexing her body so hard that she tears off her restraints.
Luka "I'm cumming! Hyaaahh! On your dick, Commander! On your dick! I'm cumming! Because of your cum inside me! Uhahh!"
Luka's vision goes pure white at the overwhelming climax.
In a world where all she can feel is the heat of Derek's dick and cum, Luka has all the happiness to be found.
Luka "Kafh... hnn... haah... ahh... haffhh... hyaah..."
All the muscles in her body completely relax, and she can't even move her fingertips.
The signs of her weight on the restraints are visible on her skin.
However, Luka is wrapped in happiness, and the pain doesn't bother her at all.
Without a shred of sorrow, her heart is filled with joy.
Luka "Nmph... haah... hnn... haaaaah..."
She feels the throbbing of the cock still inside her.
Though she shouldn't have any strength left in her body she still tries to squeeze it back.
Derek "Luka, are you mine?"
Luka "Yes... Commander... I belong... nghh, hahh, hahh... to you... Ah, I am yours..."
Smiling blissfully, Luka answers without hesitation.
............
......
...
#04_luc014
A short time later...
Lucaon "Here's the next list."
Derek looks over the document Lucaon handed him and signs it.
From under Derek's desk, one can hear the sounds of moist suction.
??? "Muah, ngh, muah... ngh... sckkk... ngh, sckkk, sckkkkkkkkkkkk..."
Lucaon "Maybe she's leveled up a bit too much, eh?"
Lucaon chuckles when he hears the sound.
Derek "There's nothing wrong with being respectful and obedient. It's just..."
Derek "I don't think I'm looking for a groupie either."
Like Lucaon, Derek himself chuckles too.
#04_luc015h_luc09
Luka "Nahhh... hahh... hnnn... hah... Your dick, Commander... is something else today..."
Luka crawls out from under the desk and lets out a sweet sound as she presses her crotch against Derek's dick.
Permission for insertion has not yet been received.
Still, the muscularity of Derek's dick can be fully appreciated. She presses it against her slit, dripping and overflowing with nectar, and slowly rocks her body up and down.
Luka "Nghhhh... hahhhh, kfnnghhhh... Hahhh... ahhh, hahhh... Commander, your cock is tugging on my labia... Kfff, ungh, nghhhh!"
As her pussy slurps, she begs like a bitch.
Had she a tail, it would be vigorously wagging in glee.
But the master gives only tepid words.
Derek "Don't get in the way of my work."
Luka "Unghhh, y-yes... ahhh, of course... Nghhh... ah, ahhh... hghhh, kfnghhh, hahh, ahhh... aghhhh, ungh, nahhh, ahnghhh..."
Luka obeys his order and just rubs her pussy with his dick without inserting it into her.
As she leaks more nectar, the audible moistness grows louder. Her pussy aches for her master.
Luka "Hahh... Even this feels good... Just feeling your dick on me... Uhh..."
Derek "I just told you not to get in the way of my work."
Luka "Nghhh... hnghhhh! Hahh, hahh, hahhh, ah, aughhhhh... kfnghhhh..."
Having said that, Derek lightly thrusts his hips to rub his dick against her cleft.
Just by doing so, Luka's limbs twitch violently as if an electric current were flowing through her.
Luka just sniffs hungrily and rubs her crack against Derek's dick.
Derek "Don't you have the mind to listen as you're told?"
Luka "Nghhh, kfff... F-Forgive... me... Nghhh, nghhh, nghhhh..."
She almost cries as Derek scolds her, but she bites her lip and maintains some composure.
But she can't restrain the movement of her hips against his dick.
She just tries to stay silent while grinding on his rod.
Glchhh... nlchhhh, shlllk, glchhh...
Luka "Ahhhhh... hahhh... hahhhh... nahhhhhh... hahh, hanghhhh, nghhh..."
Breathing heavily, she begs with her covetous eyes, asking for permission to put it inside her.
Derek, however, ignores Luka and continues with his duties.
Luka "Hahhh, ngh, hahh, hahhhhh... ahhhhh, ngh... kffff, nghhh, hahhhhh..."
She takes a deep breath and continues to caress his dick without stopping the movement of her hips.
This is her way of masturbating while still being in contact with her owner.
She rocks her hips hard to make her master feel as good as possible, and in doing so, hopefully, gets a reward.
Luka "Khnghhh, knghh... ngh, khnghhh... ngh, khh, khhh... nghhh, kffff, nghhhh..."
Finally, she lets out a dog-like squeal and shakes her hips vigorously, pressing her crotch against Derek's dick.
Her vulva gets hotter and hotter with each movement.
As her vulva swells her cunt gradually opens more, dribbling juices of anticipation and yearning for penetration.
Derek "Well, hell... I suppose it can't be helped."
Derek sighs deliberately loudly and thrusts his hips up to shake Luka's body.
Luka "Hnn! Hyaahh! Give me more... please!"
Even without penetration, just rubbing his dick on her slit is enough to drive Luka crazy.
As her pussy floods, she relaxes her legs, supporting herself and creating more friction.
Luka "Khnghhhh, it's hot! Ahhhh, g-good! Commander, your hot cock feels good!"
Derek "I thought I told you to be quiet."
Even though she is scolded once more by Derek, she doesn't slow herself.
The level of her wetness is audible as she grinds her slit on his dick.
Luka "Hahhhh! B-But... But! Ahhh, I can't... stop myself from moaning! Nghhh, hhhh! If I'm moved----!"
Luka pants and moans, twisting her limbs as if she is performing a dance in time with Derek's movements.
Pleasure swells hot in her lower abdomen, and her legs bounce erratically as she twerks.
Derek "Are you saying it's my fault?"
Luka "No! Not at all... Hnn! Commander... Derek... ahh... forgive me!"
Luka "Hghhh... kfffff... hahhhhh... nghhhhh..."
She hurriedly apologizes and closes her lips as tightly as she can.
But her face twists as though she might burst into tears at any moment.
She wants to moan loudly in her pleasure and to please Derek.
Derek snickers at the sight and rocks his hips even more. Luka's crack is repeatedly rubbed up and down as if to fuel her desire even more.
Luka "Haahh! That's... Hnnn... hanngg... uhh!"
Luka's body is held up by Derek's hands, and his dick is pressed against her vulva.
However, after being inserted only slightly, he pulls his dick out quickly and rubs up and down her twat once more.
Luka "Hoooh... Oh, please, Derek... Hah... I beg... I beg of you... Please!"
Finally, Luka bursts into tears begging Derek.
Desperately suppressing the urge to swallow his dick, she looks back at him as her body trembles.
Luka "I can't resist... I can't handle... how badly I want your dick... inside me... My pussy overflows with desire for you. I can't resist it!"
Luka "Please... fuck me deep like only you can... Fill my womb with your seed. Fuck me until I'm absolutely full of it!"
Her folds cling and kiss his cock.
She moves her hips back and forth, begging for him to penetrate her.
A wry smile appears on Derek's face.
Glchhhhhh! Blchhh, shllllrrrk!")
Luka "Hnnnnnh! Fuck me! Fuck me deep, Derek! Hoohh, so deep!"
The heat of her cunt erupts in an instant igniting the scorching pangs of pleasure that envelop her form.
Derek violently thrusts up from below.
Glkkkkk! Shllllrrrrk! Shlllllllllllllllkkkk!")
Luka "Hyaaah! Hyaaah... naaah! Your dick... Derek, your dick feels so fucking good... Hyaaah!"
She gasps, tears of pleasure spilling from her eyes as she twists her whole body in time with his thrusts.
She cares not that she is in a cramped military office because she is drunk on his cock.
Luka "Uhh! I'm so happy! Ahh... So happy! Hnnn! It feels... It feels so good! You make me feel so good!"
Luka "Hooohh... Oh, thank you! Derek, thank you for gracing me with your dick! Hahhh! Thank you so much!"
She has become a true sex slave as she spews worship toward Derek's dick.
Luka "Derek... Derek, use my cunt...! Oh, ohhhh! Hahhh, ahhhh, pleasure yourself with my cunt... please!"
Luka "Hahhh! Hnnnf! Hnnn... ahhhnnn!!"
Her cunt clenches down on Derek's dick as she starts to gyrate her hips up and down.
When Derek thrusts, her hips sink into him, and when Derek pulls his hips back, her hips rise, making the pounding all the greater.
The vacuous sounds bounce off the walls of the office.
Luka "I will do all I can to get you off! Hnnnf... ahh... hyaah!"
She skillfully raises her hips to just the right height, keeping Derek's dick inside her before slamming down her body over the length of the shaft.
Each thrust sends waves of shock from her cunt to the rest of her body.
The pleasure is so intense that it even numbs her brain, and Luka screams out in pleasure.
Luka "Hyaaaaahh! Ahhnn... naaah... Oh, fuck, Derek... Hannh, Derek!"
Derek "If you have time to breathe you can move more."
Luka "Hnn... khhh... hnnn! Yes... Yes, sir... I'll move more... I'll give you more... Hannn!"
As instructed by Derek, she moves her body up and down more violently. She tightens her cunt on his cock as much as she can muster.
His cock penetrates her so deeply that she can feel it displacing her organs.
Of course, this gives Luka great pleasure.
Luka "Naaah! Hahh... Feels so good... Hyaah! Your dick feels so good, Derek! Hahh! Your cock is just too good!"
When she takes the cock in all the way to the base, she is acutely aware of which organs it neighbors inside her.
As she gyrates her hips, the bolts of pleasure strike all the way to the tips of her fingers.
At this rate, she will cum before Derek.
Despite knowing this, she can't restrain her motions.
Luka "I'm... I'm sorry... I can't hold off any... I can't resist... Oh, Derek! Oh, Derek!"
Luka looks back at Derek with tears of inadequacy.
Even trying to resist, her hips still move of their own accord.
Luka "Hah... ahh... I'm... already... I'm already...Oh, fuck, I'm going to...!!"
Derek "I'm going to use you for my own climax. You have no choice but to hold off until then."
Luka "Y-Yes! Thank you so much, Derek!"
Despite being so close, Luka must hold out.
Feelings of happiness well in her breast. She knows no greater joy than to be used by Derek.
Derek increases the vigor of his thrusts.
Shllllk! Shllllk! Shllllllk!")
Luka "Hahyaaaa! Kaahff... nhyhhh... hnn! Naaah... ahh... ahh... It's so hot... Your dick is so hot... Uhhh!"
Derek's thrusts are so strong Luka doesn't even need to move on her own. Her cunt, womb, and other organs all feel the reach of his rod.
At the same time, her tits, bouncing up and down, are squeezed with such force that one would think they were going to burst.
Luka "Hynnnggh! Hanngg... ahhh! More! Like that! Torture my tits!"
Derek "So many orders coming from a slave."
Luka "Ahh... For-Forgive me. Let me apologize with my pussy. Hnn! Aahhh... hyaah!"
Luka works hard to tighten the muscles in her cunt as her vision fades to white with the piercing penetration of Derek's dick inside of her.
The folds of her flesh, which are fully stretched, groan and twist as she accepts his exceptionally large cock.
No matter how wet her pussy gets, the friction of his massive pole is unavoidable.
Luka "Naaaah... hyaaahh... hnnngg... uhh! Naaah... auhhnnn! Kahhff... ahh... Oh, Derek... I'm going to blow! Soon! Uhhh!"
Derek "Just a bit longer, so be patient."
Luka "Y-Yes... Hahhh! Patient... Hnn... Patient... Uhhh!"
Her body floats through the air with Derek's thrusts, and her face turns up as she moans.
She lays her own hand on Derek's as he squeezes her tits hard just as she is about to climax.
Luka "Cum! Cum for me, please! I want it... Ahh... Fill me with your hot cum... There's so much inside of me!"
Derek "Good girl... Just a little longer..."
Luka "Huaaaahh! Yes, yes, yes! Cum for me! Soon! Hahh... ahh... ahhh!"
Luka will drown in her own climax at any moment.
Gasping, she turns her face up.
Derek fucks her even harder than before, ramming the head of his cock into her uterus.
Spllllrrrt! Gshhhhhhhhhh, gshhhhhhhhh!")
Luka "Hnnnyhhhh! Hyaaah... ahhnn... It's hot! Hah! Your cum is so hot... Hnnn... hyaaah!"
He gushes, filling her cunt and womb all at once.
She had waited so long for this that the feeling of his eruption sends Luka over the edge in an instant.
It sounds like a waterfall within her.
Luka "Hooh... Oh, my pussy... is so hot... It's burning! Oh, Derek! Ahh... hah!"
Luka "Hah... hahhh... I'm... cumming again! It won't stop! Your dick... and your cum... feel too good! Hyaaahh!"
Luka's whole body trembles as if linked with Derek's pulsating rod.
The pleasure is so hot that even touching her body makes her feel strange.
Luka "Ahhhh... I'm happy! Derek, I'm so happy you came...!"
Luka rejoices from the bottom of her heart.
She clamps his penis as tight as possible as if to convey her pleasure physically as well as verbally.
As if to respond to the tightening, Derek pushes his dick still deeper as his cock continues to belch forth cum.
Luka "Hnnhyaaah! Still... Still cumming... more... Hnn... Hyahh... Hahhh!"
Luka "Oh, oh fuck! I'm going to cum again! Oh, hell, I'm cumming!"
Luka "I'm... cumming!"
The waves never stop. Luka continues to just drown in the pleasure make a truly despicable face.
Luka "Ah... ah... hahhh..."
Luka's entire body is drained of strength.
Still pierced by Derek's dick, Luka lets out a sigh of delight.
Luka "Oh, Derek... I am so delighted... hah... to be able... hnn... to serve you..."
She is grateful to have been born into this nation.
She is grateful to have been born a half-elf.
From the bottom of her heart, she feels this.
Because that's how she met Derek.
Luka "For I... will be yours... like this... forever..."
She only wishes to serve in the Service Nation.
In euphoria, Luka's consciousness melts away.
#04_mel001
Mel Mel.
She is a halfling girl about half the size of a human who also possesses beast-like qualities.
The halflings living in the mountains may be small, but many became warriors to take advantage of their toughness.
And so many halflings set out across the land during the time of strife as mercenaries, but some have changed their ways of life after peace was restored.
Some became merchants who sell weapons and crafts they make themselves.
Halflings have been known for their dexterous hands and forge work. They are well-suited for making good quality weapons and crafts.
The United Mercantile States of Tull is a nation born in such a transition, based on the halfling benefit society.
The nation isn't represented by a king but by a suzerain selected from among the merchants.
Mel Mel is a great merchant who is the granddaughter of the current suzerain and works on the suzerain's behalf.
Mel Mel does indeed have a fixation on money and a tendency to prioritize profit over emotion and reason as one might expect from a merchant.
That is not to say that Mel Mel is coldhearted.
Her business motto is to have both buyers and sellers walk away happy.
Actions such as dealing in inferior goods or selling food to famine-stricken villages at inflated prices are against Mel Mel's beliefs.
Of course, she does not approve of getting involved in the slave or drug trade, no matter how much profit can be expected. Dirty money is not money in Mel Mel's view.
This is why she can't see eye to eye with Cale Gale who says nothing is out of bounds for profit and will do anything for it.
She has ruined Cale Gale's deals on more than one occasion.
Mel Mel has managed to amass a tremendous amount of wealth honestly, but the money was all seized by Derek as reparations after their defeat.
Mel Mel has to earn it all back from nothing.
Yes, in the Service Nation where desire and ambition are celebrated over morals.
Derek (If I sell her as a successful halfling merchant, I'll be able to draw some customers.)
Derek (She is a fine product in her own right... Or...)
A few days have passed since Mel Mel was brought to the Service Nation.
When she finally finds herself being summoned, she is brought forth before the two men she wanted to see the least.
Mel Mel "........................"
She glares at them without even trying to hide her contempt.
Despite all the awful things she's been put through, she has no intention of surrendering.
Mel Mel "What do you want? I mean, I already have a good idea what."
Derek "I'll have Cale Gale explain. Hey!"
Cale Gale "Yes, sir."
Cale Gale steps forward on Derek's signal.
He stares at Mel Mel with a creepy smile as if he were appraising a product.
Cale Gale "Now, I am here with a business proposal for you."
Mel Mel "A business proposal?"
Cale Gale "Yes, no need to be wary. We are here talking as merchants."
Mel Mel "Merchants? What does that mean?"
Cale Gale "I am here asking you to pay what you owe. War reparations."
Mel Mel "Pay war reparations? Are you saying you want me to pay up because we lost the war?"
She looks at him like he's an idiot.
Cale Gale "I'm glad you already understand."
Mel Mel "Are you joking? I don't need to pay for that. Besides, you guys already stole the money from the Tull national treasury."
Cale Gale "That is money that is transferred between nations. That's not your personal belonging."
Mel Mel "Personal belongings? Why would I need to personally pay?"
Cale Gale "It's only reasonable. Please recall that you were the one who started this war."
Cale Gale "We suffered great casualties. You think we would be so quick to forgive this?"
Mel Mel "I mean, it's war."
Saying somewhat sulkily, Mel Mel drops her gaze.
She understands the position she's in, but that's beside the point here.
Mel Mel "Not that I have any to pay you guys anyway."
Cale Gale "We understand that. Which is why we'll have you earn the money."
Mel Mel "Earn it?"
Mel Mel shrugs in confusion.
She conveys with a look ?hhow can I earn money if I'm your prisoner."
Cale Gale "You're a merchant, earning money should be your specialty."
Mel Mel "What are you looking to have me do? Don't tell me you're going to give me a way to earn the money."
Cale Gale "That's precisely right. The way you will be earning your money----"
Mel Mel "Hold on!"
Cale Gale "What is it? This isn't a bad deal for you."
Thinking back at their history, there is no way Mel Mel can trust Cale Gale.
She already can guess it's going to be something horrible.
However, her intuition as a merchant is telling her she'll never get an opportunity like this again. So Mel Mel gives it some thought and comes to one conclusion.
Mel Mel "Okay, I'll pay you whatever I earn, but call it my ransom instead."
Cale Gale "Huh?"
Mel Mel "You already came up with a way for me to earn the money, right? Then I'll do that, but once I finish paying my ransom, you have to free me."
Cale Gale "That's..."
Cale Gale hesitates possibly from this unexpected turn.
Cale Gale looks over at Derek for a decision.
Derek silently nods and turns to Mel Mel.
Derek "Very well. You will earn your own ransom. Once you finish paying it, I'll let you free."
Mel Mel "That's a promise!"
Derek "However, you will earn the sum we designate. Come just one coin short, and you will not go free."
Mel Mel "I'll pay it off in no time..."
Mel Mel is encouraged by the prospect of even a glimmer of hope for freedom.
Her body becomes restless from eagerness.
Derek "Hmph, I'm glad to see you motivated."
Mel Mel "So, what do I need to sell? You're not going to make me do something I can't hope to earn anything on, are you?"
Cale Gale "Of course not. We have a way for you to earn money."
Cale Gale "It's nothing difficult. It might even be too easy for YOU."
Mel Mel "Stop beating around the bush and tell me what I need to sell!"
Cale Gale "We will have you earn money with your body."
Mel Mel "Like manual labor?"
Cale Gale "Yes... manual labor indeed. The kind that pleases the men."
Mel Mel "Wait..."
Her body shivers.
She already knows what he meant by manual labor. It was almost expected.
Mel Mel "I see..."
Perhaps she was a bit rash. The thought crosses her mind as she looks at Cale Gale's annoying smirk.
Mel Mel "So, how much do I need to earn?"
She ignores Cale Gale and asks Derek challengingly.
Derek "One million gold pieces."
Cale Gale "Gather around, everyone! The long wait is over! It's time for the main event!"
Cale Gale shouts as the city plaza erupts in cheers.
The plaza is filled with people. There are even some spilling out, and many faces can be seen peering down from the windows of the surrounding buildings.
Everyone is looking with lust, excitement, and anticipation.
Mel Mel (Hah... I definitely was too hasty.)
Mel Mel lets out a weary sigh as she watches from off-stage.
She thought she knew what kind of place the Service Nation was, but she severely underestimated it.
There are people as far as the eye could see; young and old, men and women. All genders and ages are waiting in anticipation for the product, in other words, for Mel Mel.
Of course, so they could buy the time to play with her as a sex slave.
Yes. The Service Nation conducts slave auctions in broad daylight and in the middle of the city.
This is an unbelievable sight for someone like Mel Mel who has shirked the slave trade as Mel Mel has.
Cale Gale "Then let us have her come out! The suzerain agent from the United Mercantile States of Tull, Miss Mel Mel!"
Mel Mel (Rrrrrr... I guess I have to go out now!)
She gives herself a pep talk before stepping up to the stage where Cale Gale is waiting.
The cheers grow louder when her small frame appears. The volume causes her skin to tremble, and her heart skips a beat.
Man A "Well, well... I see... She does look like a child. This could be quite fun."
Boy A "Man...... I just want to strip her naked and walk her around the city on a collar! Daddy! Buy that for me!"
Mel Mel (Ah, good grief! Are there only perverts who live here!?)
The lewd comments mixed in with the cheers make her skin crawl.
She wants to cut and run.
But her pride as a merchant won't allow her to. She took the deal knowing she'd be at a disadvantage. Going back on it now would betray everything Mel Mel stands for.
She accepts Cale Gale's gaze and steps forward with resolve.
Mel Mel "N-Nice to meet you, I'm Mel Mel. Thank you all for gathering here today for me!"
Mel Mel greets the crowd with a smile. If she is going to do this, she's going all out.
The crowd erupts into a loud cheer.
Cale Gale raises a hand to quiet them and goes to start the auction.
Cale Gale "Now, everyone. Before we start the auction, I must impart some unfortunate information."
Cale Gale "Mel Mel... is not a virgin."
Cale Gale places a hand on his head and shakes it mournfully.
The crowd erupts in boos, demanding the return of her hymen.
Cale Gale raises his hands and shouts at the crowd.
Cale Gale "Please calm down! Yes, this girl does not have value as a pure maiden!"
Cale Gale "However, there are certain amazing qualities that can only be found among halflings!"
The crowd goes quiet as they listen intently to Cale Gale.
Cale Gale waits until there is complete silence before continuing.
Cale Gale "Everyone, who do you think Mel Mel lost her virginity to?"
Comments from the crowd suggest it was Cale Gale or General Derek.
Cale Gale shakes his head.
When the voices die down, he looks over at Mel Mel.
Mel Mel (Gah! This guy is the worst!)
Mel Mel curses Cale Gale inside her head.
But to the crowd, she speaks cheerfully, almost flirtatiously.
Mel Mel "M-My first time was with a Service Nation's troll soldier! H-His penis was really big, and it hurt, but I did my best!"
The crowd responds with cheers at Mel Mel's appealing display.
It has her exasperated.
Cale Gale "Yes! Even when she had the troll's giant dick, which would kill a human and break their hymen, she climaxed from pleasure instead!"
The crowd becomes more excited upon hearing Cale Gale's explanation.
Mel Mel (Idiot! Liar! It didn't feel good, and I didn't climax! It actually really hurt, and I thought I was going to die!)
Cale Gale "She is still anally a virgin. It is up to you to decide who gets to take it!"
Cale Gale "You can have her taken by a monster, or it could be interesting to plunge your arm in there. Don't worry, it won't kill a halfling."
Mel Mel "............."
Mel Mel swallows hard as she listens.
That's because she can see the crowd smiling and laughing.
She finds the prospect of her upcoming future to be quite depressing.
At the very least, this isn't going to be a case where a kind, noble gentleman will outbid the others to save her.
Mel Mel (Still... I need to fetch a high price...)
She needs money to save not just herself, but her friends as well.
Cale Gale "Best of luck."
He says softly as she renews her resolve.
Mel Mel glares at her sworn enemy, the fiendish merchant, so only he could see.
She quickly puts her fake smile back on as she turns to the crowd.
Mel Mel (Don't be scared! Don't show weakness! Bluff and outwit them!)
She chants a phrase she says has said to prepare herself for rough negotiations before and takes off her clothes, suppressing the trembling of her fingertips.
When she exposes her large breasts not suited for her small frame, the crowd is overcome with amorous admiration.
Mel Mel grits her teeth to mask her emotions.
As she looks over the crowd while her heart is racing from embarrassment, she slowly and teasingly brings her hand down to lower her pants.
Her fingertips trace down the line of her slit.
Mel Mel looks up at the crowd and smiles.
Mel Mel "My pussy has been used before, but it is in great condition. Please give it a try!"
Mel Mel spreads her pussy open and smiles at the crowd.
Mel Mel is blasted with roars and cheers.
That night...
Mel Mel "Hah... It's finally time..."
She lets out a sigh in a room of the brothel.
Mel Mel is about to sell her body.
She is about to participate in the human trafficking she's denounced all her life.
Mel Mel "I suppose the only silver lining is that I sold for a high price."
Mel Mel smiles listlessly.
One hundred gold pieces a night is quite an extraordinary price. You would have to be one of the best prostitutes in the Service Nation for that.
So it is quite a blessing that a new prostitute like Mel Mel could get it.
However, she will still have to do this another ten thousand times to earn enough money to buy her freedom.
Mel Mel "That's some real nonsense sticking me with war reparations."
In any case, her first priority is buying her freedom.
And there's no reason she has to only stick to selling her body.
She could start another business using this money as capital.
Once she gets her freedom, she can start a new business and buy her friends' freedom as well.
The thought gives Mel Mel newfound resolve.
Just then, there is a knock at the door, and three men enter.
They are a gentle-looking old man and two brawny young men. She instantly recognizes the young men as guards, but she has to be careful.
Mel Mel smiles at the old man while suppressing all the fear that is starting to bubble up.
Mel Mel "G-Good evening! Thank you for buying me today!"
Old Man "Oh, the pleasure is all mine. I can't believe I was able to buy you for the night."
Mel Mel "Wait, do you know me?"
Old Man "While I never directly did business with you, every time I heard stories of you, I imagined you to be my own granddaughter."
Mel Mel "Hahaha... Thank you."
She thanks the old man cheerfully while trying to keep her smile from twitching.
However, buying a night with someone you imagined to be your granddaughter is not normal.
Mel Mel's heart begins to sink.
Still, she keeps her smile and invites the old man.
Mel Mel "Well, will the two men behind you be joining us tonight?"
Old Man "No, they're just my guards. Pretend they're not even here."
Mel Mel "Very well."
Mel Mel nods as she tries to contain her relief.
It doesn't seem like he's brought any special tools from the looks of it either. She won't have much to worry about if she's just pleasuring one old man.
Mel Mel "Come with me then."
Old Man "Yes. I look forward to our night, Mel Mel."
Mel Mel "Yes, I am as well!"
She responds cheerfully as the old man bows.
Mel Mel is even beginning to like the old man for his polite demeanor...
#04_mel002h_mel03
Old Man "Oh, what a lovely pussy. Now that I see it closer, I've grown more fond of it."
Mel Mel "Ah, haha... Thank you."
Mel Mel gives the old man a bashful laugh and thanks him as he flips her over.
Obviously, she is not happy having her groin praised in such a position.
Mel Mel acts the way the clients want in order to end this torture as quickly as possible.
Mel Mel "B-But... I'm embarrassed to have you look at it so closely."
She gives a demure smile that makes her sick.
The old man nods with a grin on his face.
Old Man "Yes, I can see how this position might be a little embarrassing. Your pussy is trembling."
Mel Mel "Y-Yes."
Old Man "But is it trembling only out of embarrassment?"
Mel Mel (Ugh, what is with this guy? I thought he was a good person, but he's a horrible pervert.)
Guessing what he is after, she lets out a big mental sigh.
But she would not betray such thoughts to him, looking up at the old man bashfully instead.
She knows what he wants her to say. However, when she opens her mouth, real shame ties her tongue.
Mel Mel (Come on, you can do it! This is nothing!)
She motivates herself and gives the old man a big smile.
Mel Mel "Mel Mel's pussy... wants you to lick it all over..."
Old Man "Oh, I thought so. Well, anything for you, my dear."
The old man says warmly while bringing his face closer to Mel Mel's groin.
Mel Mel "Hnghhhhh!? Ah... mmm, kff... khh!"
With a loud, wet noise, the old man's tongue covers her slit.
He moves his tongue as if he's rolling a piece of hard candy around, savoring her slit.
He gently tickles her pussy folds, and she feels a jolt of unwanted pleasure.
Mel Mel (W-Why? It shouldn't feel this good!)
Old Man "Mm, wonderful. The perfect balance of acidity and bitterness. This is what a pussy should taste like. Your pussy is very delicious."
Mel Mel "Fngh... mm... Thank you... Mm, khh, kfh..."
Her pussy begins to open from the stimulation. The old man lightly parts her lips with his fingers and begins to trace the inside with his tongue.
He licks her soft folds with refined movements, and she finds herself fidgeting.
Old Man "It seems like you are getting turned on. You're already dripping with juices."
Mel Mel "I-It's not my fault... Mm, you're so good... Hngh!"
Her moaning is not entirely an act at this point.
He moves his tongue to spread her open, pecking at her clit loudly, and her hips flinch upwards.
An aching twinge travels over her body.
Old Man "Hehehe, what a kind thing to say. Well, I guess I'll have to try even harder."
Mel Mel "Huh?"
Mel Mel "Hhhh, hah, fuh...! Y-Your tongue! Ah, is going inside me!"
The old man's abnormally long tongue dives deep into her pussy.
Somehow the tip of his tongue reaches her cervix. He pokes at it, and her legs flinch involuntarily.
Mel Mel "Fahn! Mm, ngh, mm... This... feels so good!"
The tip of his tongue runs circles inside her.
Then he knocks at her cervix like a door.
It's not his finger, but his hot, soft, sinewy tongue.
She can't help but feel pleasure, causing her legs to kick and her hips to lift off the ground.
Her pussy contracts, squeezing the old man's tongue.
Mel Mel "Hyah, ah, hyah! I-I've never... felt something like this before!"
She never thought she'd actually feel turned on.
She thought she was just going to be violently raped, and she simply needed to endure it.
Mel Mel (But this is...! This is...!)
Mel Mel "Mmmmmmmm! Right there! Right there! Ah, mmm, there!"
The tip of his tongue is pressed against her cervix, and he licks vigorously.
It feels like he's licking her insides from her groin to her head as all the hair on her body stands on end.
Her uterus drops lower as if to ask to be licked even more.
The old man's tongue presses firmly against it.
Mel Mel "Ahhh, ngh, kah! Ah, ah, ah, it feels so good! Kuh, fuh, ahh!"
Old Man "Are you going to cum? Are you close?"
Mel Mel "Ngh, ah, ahhhhhh, yes! Ngh! I'm going to cuuuuuuuuuuuuuu----"
Mel Mel "Ah!?"
Right when her body tenses up for the anticipated climax, the pleasure is suddenly cut off.
She glances down forlornly at her loins to see the old man's tongue is no longer inside her.
Mel Mel "Afh, mm, hah, hah... um...?"
Old Man "Hehehe, are you sad you didn't get to cum, Mel Mel?"
Mel Mel "Um, that's..."
She answers, but she senses a frustration inside herself at having her climax denied.
Mel Mel (Not that I care about cumming! It's not like that's what I want!)
She reassures herself while the old man looks at her with a gentle smile.
Old Man "Don't worry, Mel Mel. I'll make you cum with my tongue in time."
Mel Mel "Huh? Ah, no, there----!? Mm! Hah, hah, ngh, nghhhhhh!"
She feels an unsettling sensation from her nether regions once again.
However, it's not from her pussy.
He's licking below there. Her tight little asshole.
Mel Mel "N-No... Mm, not there... It's dirty! Ah, afuhn, mmfuh!"
The old man spreads apart her ass cheeks to fully expose Mel Mel's asshole. He carefully moves his tongue over each fold as if he's kneading in his saliva.
Her entire asshole becomes warm and hot.
Her tight asshole begins to slowly loosen.
When it's poked, it tightens up again right away.
Old Man "Mm, this is a good asshole. Nice and tight. I'm getting more and more excited."
Mel Mel "Excited? Hnghhh!? Eek, eek, hyah, ahhh!"
The old man's hand spreads her ass cheeks wider, opening up her asshole as well.
He drills the tip of his tongue through the small opening of her asshole.
Her asshole closes up reflexively, trying to protect itself from the tongue-lashing.
However, the tongue tries to push through with more force.
Mel Mel "Ah, ah, ah!? W-W-Wait... Ah, n-no way! What!?"
Mel Mel "Ahyah! Ahh, ngh, ngh, ahhh! Your tongue... is making its way inside my butt! Eeek, eeeeeek, eeeeeeeeek!"
It pushes past her sphincter's resistance and finally makes its way inside her asshole.
Mel Mel kicks her legs when she feels him licking the walls of her rectum, and her hips jump up.
However, the old man has her body pinned and won't let her squirm away.
Old Man "Just as I thought, you have an excellent ass, Mel Mel. Now then..."
Mel Mel "Fah!? Eek, eek! Ah, ofuh, foh!"
The old man begins to tongue fuck her asshole, and Mel Mel screams and howls.
His tongue begins scraping away at her rectal lining, and she feels a hot twinge building.
Mel Mel "Ahh, my butt! My butt! Ah, aheh, hyah! No, not my asshole!"
Old Man "Look, your pussy is starting to drip with juices. Mel Mel, do you like it in your ass that much? You can cum from your ass for me."
Mel Mel "Heeeeeeeeeh! Fuh, it's so deeeeeep! Your tongue is deep inside my ass!"
He pushes up on her intestinal walls with the tip of his tongue, and she feels an itching sensation building in her pussy.
Mel Mel's legs flail about, and she rubs her big and pointer toe together to fight the pleasure.
Old Man "You're about to cum, aren't you? Then say how good your ass feels. Say how you're going to cum from your ass."
Mel Mel "Ah! Ahhhhh! It's so good! It feels so good having you lick my ass!"
Mel Mel speaks loudly while her face is red from embarrassment.
Either way, she can't really deny his demands.
She tells herself this while drowning from the sensation in her intestines.
Mel Mel "Ah, hah, ngh, kuh, fah! Ahhh! Something's coming! I'm going to cum!"
Old Man "Go on, Mel Mel. Cum from your ass for me."
Mel Mel "Ahhh, your tongue is fucking my ass!"
The old man's tongue flicks in and out of her asshole with a sloppy, wet sound.
When his long tongue reaches her rectum, Mel Mel's hips bounce up because she's unable to endure the pleasure.
Mel Mel "Ahh, mm, ngh, fah, hah, ahhhh, hyaaaaaaah! I can't hold it in anymore!"
Mel Mel "Faaaaaaaaaaaah! I'm cumming! I'm cumming from my ass!"
Mel Mel lets out a loud scream and climaxes.
Her asshole burns up, and she feels an explosion in her uterus.
A wave of pleasure overwhelms her loins, and her hips bounce up violently.
Mel Mel pisses with a loud spray.
Mel Mel "Eeeeek! I'm peeing! Ahh, no! I can't stop! I can't stop cumming or peeing!"
Old Man "Oh, Mel Mel!"
The old man shouts with joy as she covers his face with her piss.
Mel Mel continues to give him a golden shower as she trembles from her anal orgasm.
Mel Mel "Hah... ngh, ngh... ngh... hrrrrm..."
After finishing her orgasm, Mel Mel begins to sob from shame.
She never imagined she would climax from her asshole or piss herself.
Old Man "Hehehe, it felt so good it's made you cry. I'll have to try even harder then."
The old man smiles as he caresses Mel Mel's ass, wet with her piss.
She nervously looks up at him to see the old man licking the piss from his hands.
Mel Mel (Oh, gross! Please let this end already!)
Mel Mel cries out to herself while the old man nods in satisfaction and slowly stands up.
The old man loosens his garments with his withered fingers and takes out his cock.
Mel Mel "Oh..."
Mel Mel lets out a sigh of relief when she sees his cock.
It could be said it is age-appropriate as his erect penis seems to be half-soft still.
Mel Mel (Thank goodness. This shouldn't be that difficult then. I mean there's a chance he'll take a while to cum.)
Considering his age, it's questionable whether or not he can even ejaculate.
However, compared to being raped by a troll, this should be a cakewalk.
Cheered up from her relief, Mel Mel gives the old man a demure smile.
Mel Mel "Grandpa, can you put your dick inside my pussy, pretty please?"
She throws away her pride and invites the old man lewdly.
She shakes her piss-covered ass to show her impatience.
Old Man "Yes, I want to put it inside your pussy too. I just need a second thought."
The old man says that and takes out a small bottle. There's green liquid inside.
She has a bad feeling and brings her face closer with a smile.
Mel Mel "W-What is that, Grandpa?"
Old Man "When I drink this... Glp, glp, glp..."
The old man drinks the liquid in the middle of his explanation.
Before he even finishes the drink, the old man's dick begins to grow larger.
Mel Mel "What!? What is that!?"
Mel Mel lets out a surprised cry as she looks at the old man's erect penis.
It is nowhere near its previous size. It's much larger than an adult male's.
Mel Mel "H-How is that even possible!?"
Old Man "This medicine helps someone my age to be able to enjoy sex."
Mel Mel "T-That's way too effective..."
She gulps as she gazes upon the old man's dick which is the size of her arm now.
Meanwhile, her body in its afterglow of orgasm begins to rise in temperature upon seeing his manly dick.
Mel Mel (Why? I don't want to have sex with this old man at all!)
Mel Mel cries internally in dismay.
However, after being licked down to her cervix, her pussy begins to tremble as it impatiently awaits his dick.
Her pussy begins to drip with her juices.
Old Man "Looks like you can't wait, either. Don't worry. I'll fuck you deep. All the way to your uterus."
Mel Mel "Heeeeeeh!? Ahh, ahhhh!"
She feels the heat deep inside her loins as he gently presses the tip of his cock against her.
If he puts this inside...
The moment the thought enters her mind, the old man pushes his weight against her and plunges his dick inside her pussy.
Mel Mel "Ahhhh!? Ngh, ah, ahah, hngh! Kahhhhhh!"
The old man buries his giant cock inside her pussy.
Mel Mel's eyes bulge open from the heat and hardness of his cock, causing her to cry out with pleasure.
Mel Mel "Ahh, ahhh, it's..... Fah! Eeek, eeek, it's spreading me open!"
The old man's dick has finally reached her cervix.
However, he still has about a third of his length left out.
Using his weight, the old man pushes in an attempt to force the rest of his dick inside her.
Mel Mel "Kah, agh, kah, kuff...! I-I can't! It's already as deep as it can go!"
Old Man "No, I'm sure there's still more room in there. Don't worry, you can take my dick up inside your uterus."
Mel Mel "Huh?"
The confusion causes Mel Mel to forget about the pain for a moment.
Take it in her uterus?")
She thinks she misheard him, but then the old man pushes his dick further with his weight behind him.
Mel Mel "Gah!? Ugh, fnnnnnnnngh!"
Her cervix cries out in pain as it is ripped.
However, the old man doesn't pull back, instead using his hard tip, he forces open her cervical canal.
Mel Mel "Ah, ahhhhhhh! Ugh! Fah! Hngh! Kah! Ah, ah, ahhhhhhh!? I-It's opening!"
She feels muscles deep inside tearing.
This strange sensation building from deep within her belly causes her voice to tremble.
The old man smiles down at her as her brow is drenched with sweat.
Old Man "Now, Mel Mel. I'm going to fuck your uterus."
Mel Mel "Fah!? Agh, kah! Kyaaaaaaaaaah!"
The old man breaks through her cervix and pokes at her uterus with his big dick.
The shock causes all her organs to shake, as the force jostles her brain.
She feels her body jolt up, and her uterus is set ablaze while sweat pours down her whole body.
Mel Mel "Agh! Ahyah! Hah! Stop! Stop! My uterus is going to explode!"
When the old man pulls back his hips, his large cock hooks her cervix from the inside, and she feels like he's going to rip her uterus out of her.
When the sensation causes her to tremble, he slams his body back into her.
Her eyes well up with tears as it feels like he's fucking her all the way to her stomach.
Mel Mel "Eeeeeeek! No! This isn't... right! This isn't... Ahhhhhhhhh!"
Old Man "Hehehe, are you about to cum from your uterus? Halflings are truly impressive. Go ahead, Mel Mel. Cum from your uterus."
Mel Mel "Ngh! Ah, oh, hngh! Heeeeeeeeh!"
The old man ramps up his speed.
Lewd, wet sounds emanate from deep within Mel Mel.
The louder the noise becomes, the more her pleasure builds.
Mel Mel "Eeeeeek! Eeek! Eeeep! I can't! I'm going to... I'm going to! Ah, ah, eeeeeep!"
Old Man "Go on, Mel Mel! Cum from your uterus!"
The old man pumps his tip in an out of her cervix before slamming his dick all the way into her uterus.
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! Agh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming from my uterus!"
Her entire body tenses up as she climaxes, and her cervix clinches around the old man's dick.
There is hardly any room for gaps as her pussy's walls massage the old man's dick.
Old Man "Oh, that feels good! Your pussy is fitted around my dick!"
The old man pumps his hips, scraping his dick against her pussy's walls, sending pleasure throughout Mel Mel's body.
Mel Mel "Ah, ah! You're fucking me so hard! Ah! It feels so good! I'm already cumming, though!"
Mel Mel whips her head about, screaming in pleasure.
This overwhelming, unknown pleasure is almost terrifying.
Mel Mel's tail is swollen to warn against a predator.
Mel Mel "I'm going to die! Ah, ahhhhhhhhh! I'm going to die!"
Old Man "Don't worry, Mel Mel, you're a strong girl. You won't die from this."
Mel Mel "Ghhhhhhhh! N-Not my pussy! It's too sensitive! It's going to break! My uterus is going to break!"
Old Man "I see, you like it around here? I can tell."
Mel Mel "Eeeeeeeeep! Not there! I said no! Ahhhhh! Kyaaaaah!"
You can see the dick push up against the inside of Mel Mel's belly.
When he continues to grind his hips, Mel Mel feels an exhilarating sensation as if he has finally scratched an itch.
She screams with pleasure and sends her drool flying all over the place.
Old Man "Ah, how adorable! I can't hold back anymore! I'm going to cum too!"
Old Man "I'm going to fill your uterus up with my semen! Cum together with me!"
Mel Mel "Ah! I'm going to cum! Your cum is going to make me cum!"
His hard tip scrapes the inner walls of her cervical canal.
The sensation causes Mel Mel's legs to kick and she screams.
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhh! Bshhhhh! Gshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Ngaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!? Ah, ah, ah, ahhhhhhhh!"
His swollen cock swells up even more, and it shoots a hot and heavy load that feels like musket balls.
The force of his ejaculation causes her uterus to be pushed up and into her internal organs.
Mel Mel "Hgh! Kah, agh! Ahhhhhhh!? Why!? Ahh, no! Not like this!"
He cums like a garden hose, and her uterus begins to expand.
Her eyes bulge open, and she screams as her body blows up like a balloon.
Another round of frothy, white cum blasts her insides.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Ahhhh, ahhhhhhh! No, I'm going to cum! Your cum is making me cum!"
Mel Mel's body jolts up with enough force to bounce off the old man's body nestled over her.
The force of her climax causes her pussy to clamp down and crush the old man's dick.
Mel Mel "Kah! Ah, hah, hah, hngh! Mm, kuff, fuh, heh, ngh......"
After a long while, he finally finishes ejaculating, and Mel Mel catches her breath with tears in her eyes.
Her whole body is on fire as her pussy is filled with the old man's cum.
Her legs are trembling.
Old Man "Oh, look at you still grasping onto my dick. You're such a good girl, Mel Mel."
Mel Mel "Hah, hah... Grandpa......"
The old man gently caresses her head. His dry fingers fix her bangs which are stuck to her forehead due to the sweat.
Her body and brain are still hot.
Still, her pride as a merchant drives her to meet her customer's expectations.
Mel Mel "Grandpa, your dick felt really good......"
Mel Mel (What am I even saying?)
As she feels disgusted with herself for her behavior, she looks up at the old man with doe eyes that she's not even sure is an act anymore.
The old man gives her a gentle smile.
Old Man "Your pussy felt so good too. So...?"
Mel Mel "Huh...?"
The old man is still smiling gently down at her.
Yet, she senses something menacing behind it.
Old Man "So, Mel Mel, I can't help but look forward to fucking your ass."
Mel Mel "Huh? Mm, kah..."
The old man pulls out his giant dick from her pussy as cum drips out of her.
The sensation causes a shiver to run down her spine, but that isn't the only reason why she's shivering.
She gulps as the old man's smile turns sadistic.
Then......
Mel Mel "Ngh! Ah, agh, kah! Hah, hah, heeeeh, ngh!"
Her sphincter creaks as it is ripped open.
The old man's cum-covered dick spreads open her tight asshole and begins digging in.
Mel Mel "Eeep, eeeeek, ahhhhhhhhh! N-No, you can't! It's too big! It won't fit!"
Old Man "Don't worry. I loosened it up with my tongue earlier. Look, it's making its way in. Can't you tell, Mel Mel?"
Mel Mel "Keee, hhh, hyew! Ngh! Mm, hah, hah! No! Don't put it in my butt!"
The giant dick pushes forward as her sphincter is once again rubbed.
Her asshole hurts as it feels like it's being ripped apart.
She feels a painful pressure in her loins, and her legs kick and flail.
Mel Mel "Hah, fuh, kuh, puh...."
Old Man "Ah, this is a great ass. It's nice and tight, Mel Mel."
Mel Mel exhales sharply to cover the pain, and the old man looks down at her with a happy smile.
He puts his whole body weight behind him as he pushes down.
His fat cock had been inching its way inside, but it suddenly plunges into her.
Mel Mel "Hyah! Ahg, kah, ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhh!"
The dick penetrates her asshole so hard it punches her in the stomach.
The tip of his hard dick is like a fist and punches her uterus through her intestines.
With a wet sound, the cum inside her uterus shoots out of her pussy.
Mel Mel "Oh, oh, ohhhhhhhhh! Ohyah! Ah, agh! Gah!"
Old Man "Ah, what a wonderful ass. It's so warm and tight around my dick, and I can feel your uterus against my tip..."
Old Man "Fucking the ass of someone your size is the best."
Mel Mel "Gah! Ah! Ahhhhhhhhh! My stomach! Ahhhhhhhhh! It's all coming out!"
The old man begins to wildly thrust his hips.
Her sphincter is stretched to its limit as his dick begins to work on her.
She feels like she's being turned inside out as she flails her legs.
The old man moves his hips in a circle with just his tip inside her ass before plunging it all the way in again.
Mel Mel "Hngh! Hngh! Nghhhhhhh!"
Her uterus gets punched through her intestines again. The shock causes her whole body to shake, and she feels sparks inside her head.
The old man pulls his dick back before she can get over the shock.
Mel Mel "Ahhhh, ah, ahhhhhh! I can't take it!"
As he pulls his dick out while scraping the inside of her intestinal walls, she feels her whole nether region light up like a fire.
On the contrary, the release from the pressure makes Mel Mel's body tremble with a certain exhilaration.
She only gets a moment of respite before he plunges his dick deep inside her again.
Mel Mel "Hghhhhhhhhh! Gyun! Haaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
She lets out a scream as he skewers her.
It hurts, but she feels her body get hotter and hotter. She can feel her pulse inside her nailbeds.
Old Man "Ah, this is amazing! Your ass is finer than any girl's I've ever had!"
Mel Mel "Agh! Ahhhhhhh! Hyah! Ah, hah, hah! Hngh!"
The old man ramps up his pace.
Her already raw sphincter is getting scraped up further by his dick.
In addition to the warm, numbing sensation, the repeated cycle of tremendous pressure and release causes Mel Mel's eyes to roll back.
As the old man pumps his dick in and out of her, his previous load comes dripping out of her pussy.
Old Man "Good, Mel Mel. I'm going to fill your ass with my cum!"
Mel Mel "Hurry! Nghm hahh, hahhh! Hah! Ohhhhhhhh!"
Caught between pleasure and pain, Mel Mel begins to lose her mind.
Her body instinctually clinches her sphincter to clamp down on the old man's dick as it continues to fuck her.
Mel Mel manages to push a few words to please the old man between her moaning.
Mel Mel "P-Please! Please, Grandpa! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh! Give it to me!"
Mel Mel "Cum inside my ass! Give me your cum, Grandpa!"
Mel Mel "Fill me up with your semen! Fill my ass up with your cum!"
Old Man "Oh, Mel Mel! Mel Mel!"
The old man howls as he fucks Mel Mel's tiny body vigorously.
His swollen dick swells up further.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh, bshhhhh, bshhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh! Ofah! Agh! Ghhhhhhhh!"
There's an explosion of magma deep inside her intestines.
The thick cum burns up Mel Mel's insides in an instant.
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhh, it burns! My body is on fire from your cum! Ohhhhhhhhhh!"
An unbelievable amount of cum floods her intestines.
Mel Mel screams as she feels his cum traveling up and burning her guts.
Spllllllrrrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhhhh, bshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhhhh! There's still more! There's so much hot cum!"
Mel Mel "Fah! Ahhhhh, I can't take it! I can't! I'm going to cum!"
As she feels his huge load inside her ass, Mel Mel screams out with her climaxes.
Mel Mel "Ah, hah, hah, haff, hah... mm, kah, hah, hah..."
All the strength leaves Mel Mel's body, and her hands fall to her sides.
She barely hangs on to consciousness.
The only thing she can feel is her twinging, hot asshole.
Mel Mel "Hah, hah... I... haff... nghhh, hahh, hahhh..."
His dick trembles still inside her asshole.
The vibration causes her asshole to tighten reflexively.
Despite just cumming, she feels as if a hot finger is caressing her spine.
Mel Mel (What's happened to my body...?)
Seeing how susceptible she is to pleasure makes her want to cry.
The old man gently caresses Mel Mel's head.
Old Man "Good job, Mel Mel. I had a good time. Let's keep this going then."
Mel Mel "Huh...?"
Her heart skips a beat.
She doesn't understand what he's saying.
Mel Mel somehow drags her exhausted body up to look at him.
Mel Mel "What do you mean, we're already..."
Old Man "Don't worry. Can't you tell? My dick is still rock hard."
Mel Mel "Ah... ah..."
Stunned, Mel Mel can only look at the old man in bewilderment.
And so, by the time she can see some light pour in from the windows...
Mel Mel "Hyew... hyew... mm... ugh..."
Mel Mel collapses to the floor.
Her whole body is covered in cum, and her asshole and pussy are stretched to their limits.
Old Man "Oh, it's already morning. I was looking forward to more, but it seems that we're out of time."
The old man smiles, looking as if he's finally satisfied.
However, Mel Mel doesn't have the energy left to even look up at him.
Old Man "I promise to bid on you again when you go up for auction the next time."
Mel Mel "Ah..."
Mel Mel manages to hear him as her consciousness begins to slip away.
While aided by drugs, there is no way she wants to spend another night with this insatiable old man again.
However, she can't deny that the old man spent a great deal of money on her.
Mel Mel manages to squeeze in these final words in the name of freedom.
Mel Mel "P-Please bid high... on me again..."
Mel Mel miraculously finds the strength to smile before finally blacking out.
............
......
...
#04_mel003
Mel Mel "Hah... That was awful..."
Mel Mel returns to her room and lets out a weary sigh.
She tried to clean her body thoroughly, but she is left feeling uneasy as she still feels there is plenty of the old man's semen inside her.
Her loins and lower half feel warm and swollen, and it hurts just to walk. It took her considerable effort just to get back here.
Mel Mel "I want a better way to earn 100 gold coins."
They were extraordinary conditions, but selling one's body is proving hard both mentally and physically.
Mel Mel audibly collapses onto her bed.
Mel Mel "I need to pay off the reparations as soon as possible."
Mel Mel mutters and falls asleep before she can say anything else.
Mel Mel "It all comes down to what to sell."
The next day, Mel Mel is thinking with her arms crossed in front of her after regaining some of her energy.
Although, she would argue that she isn't obligated to pay the reparations to begin with.
Mel Mel is a prisoner of war. There is no guarantee she would be freed after paying off the sum.
However, the possibility isn't zero, but if she doesn't, it would be zero.
Then she'll just have to take that gamble.
Giving up without even trying is against her code.
Besides, if she makes connections through this business, she might be able to make that possibility a reality.
Mel Mel "The issue is how do I get something I can sell besides my body..."
It is exceedingly unlikely that she will ever receive cash directly.
What can she get and who can she sell it to?")
Mel Mel "Maybe I can have Cale Gale get me some sex drugs and magic items if I tell him I need them for work."
Then she can purposefully not use them all and hide them in her personal belongings.
It's a roundabout way, but she doesn't have any other options at this point.
And so Mel Mel receives a visitor while she is contemplating.
Cale Gale "You had quite the workout last night. The client was quite satisfied."
Mel Mel "Well, he was my client after all."
She warily answers.
Cale Gale on the other hand is in a good mood and is smiling as he talks.
Cale Gale "You strive to make the best deals, no matter who your customer is. I admire your dedication."
Mel Mel "Then bring me my next customer already."
Cale Gale "Yes, if you're ready. However, you must understand that you shouldn't expect a large sum of money again like yesterday."
Mel Mel "Yes, obviously."
Mel Mel retorts with a snort.
Yesterday's price reflects a bonus for being her first auction.
Mel Mel's rarity will diminish each time she engages a new customer.
If she wants to avoid that, she will have to increase her current value somehow or...
Mel Mel (I need to earn money in other ways.)
She needs some way other than selling her own body, something that can help maintain her worth.
Mel Mel nonchalantly looks over at Cale Gale.
If she wants to start some business, she'll have to go through him.
Mel Mel "Is there any item I can show my customers that they might be interested in spending a lot of money on?"
Cale Gale "Hmmm, let me think..."
Cale Gale deliberately acts like he's thinking.
However, Mel Mel notices the glint in his eyes.
She already regrets asking, but a certain amount of sacrifice is necessary.
Mel Mel "You want to get your money as soon as possible, don't you? I'll be able to sell anything!"
Cale Gale "Let's see... I think I have just the item for you."
Cale Gale says and takes out a small bottle from his bag and places it on the table.
Mel Mel "Is this an aphrodisiac or something?"
Cale Gale "Not quite. However, you are correct about the situation you would use it in."
Mel Mel "Hmm......"
She picks up the bottle and looks inside. However, there is nothing suspicious she can see.
She hopes it's nothing that will cause addiction.
Mel Mel "Can you tell me more about it? Or else I can't pitch it."
Cale Gale "No, no. I'll be your first customer. I know what it does, so that should be enough."
Mel Mel "Ugh, really?"
She forgets about being a merchant and speaks her mind unfiltered.
Cale Gale simply smiles, showing no signs of being offended.
Cale Gale "If you're not interested, then that is unfortunate. We'll just forget this ever----"
Mel Mel "Hold on! I never said I didn't want to!"
She pulls back as Cale Gale reaches out to retrieve the bottle.
This is clearly a trap.
Cale Gale must have anticipated that Mel Mel would ask for something like this and even prepared the drug beforehand.
Such a thought causes her mind to fear the worst.
Mel Mel (But that doesn't mean I can back down! If it's a trap, then I'll find a way to flip the table!)
If she wavers here, she'll never be able to pay off the reparations.
Mel Mel clenches her fists.
Mel Mel "What would my cut be?"
Cale Gale "Well, it's quite an expensive drug. If you're able to sell it successfully, I'll award you one gold piece."
Mel Mel "Hmm, well, that doesn't seem like a bad deal."
It's actually quite a good deal. Too good. Mel Mel smells something fishy.
However, she doesn't have the option of backing out.
Mel Mel "Okay, you have a deal."
Cale Gale "Very well. I shall be your first customer then. I'm honored."
Mel Mel kneels at Cale Gale's feet.
#04_mel004h_mel04
Mel Mel "Ngh, h-hey! Hold on! You don't need to push so hard!"
Mel Mel objects as Cale Gale presses his dick against her cheek.
Luckily, it's not as smelly as she feared, but it's not a pleasant sensation.
It's surprisingly hot, and while the surface is soft, the core is abnormally hard.
She once again thinks to herself how creepy an organ the penis is.
Mel Mel "Are you listening to me? You want me to use my mouth on it, right?"
Cale Gale "This is fine. I want to enjoy the sensation of your smooth cheeks first."
Mel Mel "Ugh... such a pervert."
She expresses her disgust while reluctantly accepting it.
It doesn't matter how much she dislikes the customer as long as they pay her her money.
Mel Mel believes it's her duty to provide a suitable attitude in return.
If she doesn't want to do it, she never should have accepted the deal in the first place.
However, her spirit is only encouraging Cale Gale's perverseness.
Mel Mel "Eeek!? S-Stop that!"
She scowls when she hears a wet smack around her cheek.
Cale Gale's dick is already dripping with precum.
What's more, he's spread the precum over her cheek and forehead.
Mel Mel "I think that's enough! Let me lick it already!"
Cale Gale "Oh, is that any way to address a customer?"
Mel Mel "Ngh! P-Please allow me to lick your m-member..."
She moans and pleads.
Cale Gale shrugs his shoulders in a deliberate patronizing act.
Cale Gale "Honestly, your poor attitude when pleading is rather nice. However, I will let you lick it this time as a special favor to you. Go on and thank me."
Cale Gale says arrogantly as he sticks his dick in front of her mouth.
Mel Mel "Hmm, truly... ngh, lckkk, lckkkk... hnn..."
She hesitantly sticks out her tongue and licks the head of Cale Gale's dick.
The warm flesh gives her goosebumps, but there is no point in resisting now.
Mel Mel "Lckkk, lckkk... ngh, hahh... lckkk, lckkk, ngh, uh..."
However, when she licks it, she finds the bitter taste, smell, and sensation on her tongue quite unpleasant.
She thinks having to do this with her mouth is absolutely disgusting.
Still, Cale Gale continues to make further demands without any consideration for her feelings.
Cale Gale "Press harder with your tongue. Also, add some more variation to your movements. It's important to take bold strokes with your tongue as well."
Cale Gale "Also, you can't just lick the same spot. Come on, think."
Mel Mel "......"
Mel Mel stops and looks up at Cale Gale with furrowed brows.
She is seething with his selfish orders, but she shakes off her anger, knowing she just has to take it.
Mel Mel "Lckkkk, ngh, lckkk, muah... lckkk, lckkkkkk!"
Cale Gale "Heheh, that's it. Keep doing that."
She stretches out her tongue as he instructed and wraps it all around the tip of his dick as she licks him.
She leans her head to the side and licks him from the base of his dick.
She finds Cale Gale's pleased outbursts unpleasant, but she tells herself it's better to finish this as quickly as possible.
Mel Mel "Lckkkk, muah... ngh, muah, muah... lckkkk, lckkk, lckkk, lckkk!"
Cale Gale "Ah, how nice. I never imagined a day would come when the famous Mel Mel would be licking my dick. I'm so glad I stayed in business."
Mel Mel (He is the worst. A total animal.)
Cale Gale smiles with pleasure and joy from this bit of revenge. In contrast, Mel Mel is rather displeased.
But the pride she has in being a great merchant allows her to hold in her displeasure, moving her tongue for her customer.
Mel Mel "Lckkkkk, lckkkkk, lckkkk... nghh, muah, sckkkk, lckkkk, lckkkk, lckkkk..."
She twirls her tongue around the head of his dick and lightly kisses the tip.
Additionally, she points out the tip of her tongue and tickles it.
Cale Gale "Oh, that's nice. I commend your newfound obedience."
Mel Mel (Because you won't shut up if I don't do it.)
Cale Gale "Then I think it's time for you to put it in your mouth. That is when your true value is demonstrated."
Mel Mel "Sckkkk... ngh, hahh... What do you mean by my true value?"
Cale Gale "You'll see when you put it in your mouth."
Cale Gale smiles and pushes his dick forward.
She lets out an exasperated sigh, knowing he is up to no good. However, she knows it's pointless to say anything, so she simply opens her mouth wide.
Mel Mel "Amph, mm, ngh...! Mm, pff! So big..."
She puts it in her mouth to find Cale Gale's dick to be far too big for her how small it is.
More importantly, she feels a slimy sensation on her tongue and the roof of her mouth that causes her to shiver with disgust.
Cale Gale "Come on, open up your throat too. Get my dick deep inside."
Mel Mel "Mph... mm, kaff...! Hagh, mm, mm, pff, pff... ngh!"
He pushes his dick inside her mouth, and it's hard for her to breathe.
Plus, the male musk emanating from his dick is making her gag.
Still, Mel Mel resolves to pucker her lips.
Mel Mel "Shlllp, muah... mmm, nghhh... pah, pah, muah... sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkk..."
She gently bobs her small head back and forth as if to stroke him off with her lips.
Drool drips down from her mouth as it makes wet, smacking sounds.
She is repulsed to think about Cale Gale hearing the noise.
But she swallows down such feelings and continues to blow Cale Gale.
Mel Mel "Sckkkk, ngh, sckkkkk... ngh, sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkkk, muah..."
Cale Gale "Hehehe, you're pretty good, Mel Mel. However, you have yet to demonstrate your true value."
Mel Mel "Muah, ngh, sckkkk... pah, hahh... angh, kaff...?"
Cale Gale "I mean this!"
Mel Mel "Fargh!? Geh... glb... bfff, blargh!?"
He suddenly grabs her head and thrusts his dick inside her mouth.
It scrapes the membrane in her throat and makes her gag.
Mel Mel "Ugh, blech... bleeeeeeeeegh!? Mbff, muah, muah!"
Mel Mel's eyes are wide open as spit spills out of her mouth.
However, Cale Gale would not stop moving.
Actually, he seems to be enjoying Mel Mel's pain as he pushes his dick deeper down her throat.
Cale Gale "How wonderful! What a wonderful sight! This feels so amazing!"
Mel Mel "Gah! Ngh! Gagh! Unnbh, gaff! Boh!"
Mel Mel "Kaff, ngh... Kaff, kaff! W-What are you doing? That hurts!"
She pushes Cale Gale away and spits his dick out of her mouth.
Cale Gale "How dare you reject my kind coaching! This is a vital step for you to become a tier-one face-fucker!"
Cale Gale "Yes. You can become a tier one face-fucker because you are a halfling, a race known for their toughness!"
Mel Mel "Are you okay in the head?"
Mel Mel forgets her anger as Cale Gale passionately monologues.
Cale Gale continues to preach.
Cale Gale "Physically tough, halflings can do things no other races can."
Cale Gale "Yes, humans can face-fuck as well, but only halflings can perform acts that go beyond human capability."
Cale Gale "Think about it. Having acts only halflings can perform is a huge weapon. Many customers will come seeking such pleasures."
Mel Mel "You think I would just go along with something like that?"
While her words are defiant, she is quietly doing the calculations in her head.
Yes, if she can find a weapon unique for herself, there is a chance she can fetch an even higher price at future auctions.
Cale Gale smirks as if he knows exactly what she's thinking.
Cale Gale "Would you rather withstand a period of brief suffering for a big payout, or reject it in favor of earning chump change over a longer period of time?"
Mel Mel "Nghhh!"
She knows she shouldn't be chasing after schemes to get rich quickly.
However, Cale Gale's proposal has its merits.
Cale Gale "You seem to be struggling for an answer. Perfect. It's time for this drug then."
Cale Gale speaks in an elated tone as he takes the bottle from the table and pours the content over his dick.
Mel Mel "What are you trying to do?"
Cale Gale "I'm trying to bring about the greatest face-fucking."
Cale Gale thrusts his dick forward again, urging her to continue.
The thick liquid doesn't especially smell. She gives it a quick taste and finds it mostly tasteless.
She's unable to shake this bad feeling, but Mel Mel doesn't have the option of backing out at this point.
Mel Mel "O-Okay, fine... Let's do this."
Cale Gale "That's the Mel Mel I know."
Cale Gale smiles and pats her on the head.
Then he grabs her by the head again.
Mel Mel "Fngh! Obh, fngh! Ngh! Glb!"
She struggles to breathe as he thrusts his dick into the back of her throat.
She doesn't know what kind of drug he used, but it hasn't alleviated any of the suffocation symptoms.
Cale Gale should see this, but he simply smiles as he continues to violently thrust his hips.
Mel Mel "Glbb! Ngh! Ngh! Ghh! Gbh!"
His dirty pubes stab her nose as he forces her lips around his dick.
He pumps his hips and uses the back of her throat to stimulate the head of his dick.
Mel Mel "Ngh! Ugh, gbf, ngh, ngh, mm, kaff, blegh......!"
Her whole body is covered in goosebumps as she gags and retches.
Surprisingly viscous drool pours out of her mouth.
Cale Gale uses the lubrication to pump his dick with more intensity.
Mel Mel "Bgfff, mgfff, ngbffff! Nbfff, gack, ugh, ugh...! Egh, bglrkkk, mmm, bah, sckkk!?"
Mel Mel (It hurts! Stop already!)
Her head jostles about as he rapes her throat, and she desperately tries to bear it as she fights back tears.
However, Cale Gale's building ecstasy causes his whole body to shake.
His dick begins to tremble as it is being forced down her throat.
Mel Mel "Bah, nghhh, mghhhh... hnn!? Muah, sckkkk... mmm, kyah...!? Ngh, ngh, bah, bah, bgffff!"
Cale Gale holds her head in place and throat fucks her.
All Mel Mel can do is somehow keep her mouth open enough to breathe.
Her throat begins to burn, and she prays that it will all end soon.
Cale Gale's body begins to tremble as if to answer.
Mel Mel "Fngh! Mm, mm, ngh, ngh!?"
Cale Gale "Now, take this!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Bshhhhh! Bshhh! Bshhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Ghhh, bfffff...! Ughhhhh, nghhhh...! Brpppp, nghhh, mnghhhh... ngh, bah, bah...! Hahhhhhhhh!!"
The head of his dick pulsates deep in the back of her throat.
Thick, white cum fills her throat, and it runs down her esophagus.
Her mouth, nose, and head are overwhelmed by the musk.
That is when it happened.
Mel Mel "Faaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!? Ahhh, hahhhhhhhhhh!"
Suddenly, a powerful jolt of pleasure strikes her chest.
Her mouth, gullet, and stomach fill with his cum. They all ignite, and the heat pushes her to climax.
Mel Mel is left confused as her body shakes and screams, his dick still firmly in her mouth.
Mel Mel "Ngh... ghhhh... glgggg...! Nghhh, hahhh, nghhh, hah, hah, hahhhh...?"
Even after he finishes ejaculating, Cale Gale doesn't pull out his dick.
Without much recourse, she moves her throat with her mouth open to allow the cum to drip out.
The sensation and taste cause her throat, stomach, and uterus to burn up like earlier.
Her body becomes hot as if she took a strong shot of alcohol, and her head feels dizzy.
However, it isn't an unpleasant sensation at all.
In fact...
Mel Mel (It tastes good...? Why? That doesn't make any sense... B-But it tastes so good... I want to drink more!)
Mel Mel "Sllllrrrrrp...! Muah, sckkkk... ngh, hah... ngh, glggg... pah... hnn..."
She sucks on the dick still in her mouth and slurps it up.
She drinks in the cum, and she's filled with a great sense of satisfaction.
Mel Mel (Wait! C-Could this be the drug's effect?)
Cale Gale "Yes, you seem to have figured it out, Mel Mel."
Mel Mel "Fngh!? Ugh! Ugh! Buh! Pbuh! S-Stop! Ngh!"
Cale Gale grabs Mel Mel's head and plunges his dick deep into her throat again.
The head of his dick has become hard again. It rubs against the back of her throat, causing her to gag again.
Mel Mel "Blugh, ngh, mm! Glub, kaff! Ugh! Egh! Gluch!"
Cale Gale "It doesn't just hurt, does it? Here, here, here!"
Mel Mel "Glugh! Mff, mmp, pfff, mm, mfff!"
She feels the back of her throat get scraped again.
Her body shivers as she fights back her gag reflexes, and her eyes well up with tears.
But despite the pain and suffering, part of her feels it would be worth it if this dick would give her more cum.
Mel Mel (Y-You've got to be kidding me! How could I want it from the worst man possible!)
Mel Mel screams internally.
However, her whole body itches.
She wants him to fuck her throat even harder. She wants his dick deeper down her throat. She wants another huge load of cum to feast on.
Such dirty desires enter her heart.
Mel Mel desperately shakes her head in an attempt to rid herself of such thoughts.
But doing so causes the dick to rub against the inside of her cheek, the taste of cum still lingering, and she feels another jolt of excitement.
Mel Mel (No, no, no! This is because of the drug! So...!)
Cale Gale "Hehehe, what's wrong, Mel Mel? You don't have to hold back."
Mel Mel "Ngh!? Ngh, glb, kaff, mm, glech, mm, kaff, mm, goh!"
Cale Gale laughs as he thrusts his hips.
His hard dick blocks Mel Mel's throat, and she lets out muffled moans.
Mel Mel "Mm, ngh, eh, kaff, oh, goh, ngh... uh, ngh, ghhhhhh!"
Drool drips down from the corner of her mouth as she fights back the urge to puke.
It hurts so very much. That is a fact. However, something about the pain is also pleasant.
Mel Mel (Why? It isn't just the cum tasting good!?)
She becomes scared as she finds herself turned on by being violently violated.
The thought of her body learning to love this sensation sends a chill down her spine.
Mel Mel (I have to end this before that happens!)
Mel Mel "Gbffff, ugh, gbfff... hnn! Oh, nghhh, gbfff... nghhh, muah, muah, pah, ngh, sckkkk!"
Cale Gale "Oh, very nice, Mel Mel!"
When she starts to suck his dick herself, Cale Gale hollers with joy.
She is frustrated having to pleasure a man like this, but she's in no position to bargain.
She tightens up her throat and closes her lips around Cale Gale's dick and begins to stroke.
Cale Gale "Oh, you've learned how to use your throat as well! You are not disappointing my expectations!"
Mel Mel "Ngffff, bah, gack, ughhhh! Nghh, bah, muah, sckkkk! Sckkkk, sckkk, sckkkkk!"
Cale Gale thrusts his hips enthusiastically.
He fucks her mouth intensely as his tip slams against the back of her throat time and time again.
Mel Mel fights the urge to puke as she sucks hard defiantly.
She takes his dick so deep her nose is buried in his pubes, and she sucks so hard her cheeks sink in.
As she bobs her head furiously, his dick begins to tremble violently.
Mel Mel "Sckkkkkk! Sckkkkkkkkk, sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkk, sckkkkkk!"
Cale Gale "Oh! Do you want to drink my cum so badly? I'll give you what you want!"
Mel Mel "Ngh!? Mm, mbff!"
Cale Gale shouts as he firmly grabs Mel Mel's head.
His dick begins to twitch as the tip continues to rub the back of her throat.
Mel Mel "Nghhhhhhhhh!? Ugh, gfffffff! Ugh, ngh, bah, ohhhhh, nghhh... glggg, glgggg... hnn!"
Cale Gale blasts a second load in her throat.
Mel Mel gulps it down hungrily.
Mel Mel (I don't like this! I know I don't like this, but... why does it taste so good!)
Despite knowing the drug's effect is to blame, she wants to cry from the shame.
Still, the sensation she feels as the cum slides down her throat is incredible, and the rich taste causes her brain to melt as if it were the first time.
Mel Mel "Gbffff, uh, ughhh...! Nghhhh, mghhhh... glggg, glgg, glgg... nghhhhh!"
More cum hits the back of her throat until she finally gags and coughs.
The force causes cum to shoot out of her nostrils.
Her nasal passage burns from the cum, and it hurts so much, yet the pain, heat, and stench of the cum causes Mel Mel's heart to stir.
Mel Mel (This drug is bad news!)
Mel Mel "Glp, glp, mm, ngh... mm, ngh, glp!"
Despite knowing this, she can't stop herself from swallowing the cum.
Cale Gale grabs Mel Mel's head once again.
Cale Gale "It's not over yet!"
Mel Mel "Mghhhhhh!? Brpppp, uh, ngh, oh, gbfff, oh, gack, ngh, gmfffff!!"
Even after cumming twice, Cale Gale begins to fuck Mel Mel's throat hard once again.
His dick isn't soft but big and hard instead. It is reaching even deeper inside Mel Mel's throat.
Mel Mel "Ugh! Egh, gulch!?"
Her body trembles as the dick is forced down deeper into her throat.
Cum and drool spill out of the corners of her mouth, getting all over Cale Gale's cock.
Cale Gale "Oh, how dirty. However, there is something nice about this!"
Fully excited, Cale Gale grabs Mel Mel's head and thrusts his hips enthusiastically.
Mel Mel "Guh, uh, bleeeeeeeegh!?"
He fucks her throat so hard that he closes off her air passage, and her body begins to twitch unnaturally.
She feels something sour bubbling up from her stomach.
Her throat begins to undulate to vomit, but his dick mercilessly continues to fuck it.
Mel Mel "Gulch! Gluh! Ech!"
Cale Gale "Oh, your throat feels nice and tight! Keep that up!"
Cale Gale looks up as his whole body and dick tremble.
Mel Mel feels the vibrations in her throat and she is filled with anticipation despite her horrible treatment.
Mel Mel (It's so painful, and it feels like I'm going to die... but I want his cum so badly!)
Her desire for cum is greater than her anger toward Cale Gale.
Mel Mel is now terrified of the drug's powerful effect.
Mel Mel "Sllllrrrrrp... sllllrrrrrrrp! Nghhhhh, gack, gfffff... hnnn, ugh, sckkkkk, uh, sckkkkk, ngh, sckkkkkk!!"
Cale Gale "Oh... ohhhhhhh!"
Despite how deep he fucks her throat, and how hard it is for her to breathe, Mel Mel continues to suck Cale Gale's dick.
Forcing her mouth open for so long has caused her to lose sensation around her jaw. Still, she diligently locks her lips around his dick and strokes it.
Cale Gale "Very well, Mel Mel...! I shall reward you with my cum for your distinguished service!"
Mel Mel "Sckkkkkk! Sckkkkk, sckkkkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkkk! Sckkkkkkkkkk, sckkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!"
Cale Gale fucks Mel Mel's throat while his whole body spasms with pleasure.
Mel Mel is slipping in and out of consciousness while she feasts and sucks on the dick in her mouth.
Cale Gale's dick finally swells and begins to pulsate.
Mel Mel "Bleeeeeeeeeeeegh! Ngh, geh, ohngh, ubh, kaff... mbbb, bfff, ngh!"
The third and his largest load gushes into Mel Mel's throat.
His swollen dick's head blocks her throat with a tremendous amount of white cum, and Mel Mel chokes.
Mel Mel (It hurts so much! This is awful and terrible, but...!)
Mel Mel (But... But... the cum tastes so good!)
Mel Mel cries as she struggles to breathe and continues to suck the dick of her hated adversary.
She gulps down every drop of cum as it squirts out of his dick, slurping it all up.
Mel Mel "Sckkkkkk! Sllllrrrp, mmmmm, ngh, ngh, ngh... ughhhh, ohhhh, hnnn, mghhhh, ngh, sckkkkkk...!"
She chokes midway through, but she drinks down all the cum along with the contents of her stomach bubbling up.
The added sour note to the cum is so delicious, she almost wants to cry.
Tears are actually streaming down her face as she is overwhelmed by humiliation and pleasure.
She is frustrated and upset, but the more she drinks, the hotter her body becomes. She continues to drink his cum, compelled by her desire for this heat.
Cale Gale's hips tremble as he delivers the finishing blow.
Spllllrrrrrt, gshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Ngh, mmmmm, mm, mmm... gulch... pffffffffffffff!"
Mel Mel chokes down the cum, finally climaxing just from drinking it.
Mel Mel "Glb!? Uh, ngh... ngh!"
Mel Mel isn't even given the opportunity to enjoy her climax.
After he finishes ejaculating, Cale Gale's still-hard dick rubs against the back of her throat.
It's almost as if he's using her throat to squeeze out every last drop of cum still in his shaft.
Mel Mel (I-I can't breathe! This is... really!)
Mel Mel "Ugh, eh, geh, oh, ghh, ehhhhhhh!"
She retches once again as she fights her gag reflexes.
Halflings may be tough, but this is beyond reasonable.
Mel Mel "Brppp, geh, eh... bah, oh, ghh, bah, ghh, bghhhh...!"
His dick is still forced inside her mouth. She tenses all the muscles in her throat and abdomen to hold back the vomit.
However, the puke reaches up to her throat, and she's assaulted by the unmistakable sour taste of stomach acid as tears stream down her face, and her armpits are covered in a cold sweat.
Mel Mel (I can't! I'm at my limit! I can't take any more!)
She desperately hits Cale Gale's legs as she feels she's at her limit.
Cale Gale "Are you wanting to vomit all the cum I generously gave you?"
She is suddenly filled with the guilt of being wasteful, causing her to become disgusted with herself.
Cale Gale doesn't miss the opportunity to push his dick further down her gullet.
Scraping against the furthest recesses of her throat, Mel Mel finally feels her body reach its limit.
Mel Mel "Blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh! Eeeeeeegh! Kaff, geeeeeeeeeeeeh!"
Her thin throat swells up, and the contents of her stomach spew everywhere.
White and yellow juices spout out from the gap between her lips and his dick.
Cale Gale "Oh, my!"
Cale Gale looks quite pleased despite his lower half becoming soiled.
Mel Mel isn't in any position to do something about it.
Her stomach convulses several times until her abdomen muscles are sore as she vomits up a mixture of semen and puke.
Mel Mel "Geh, uh, geh, oh, glebh, oh, goh ehhhhhhh!"
Mel Mel "Gbb... nph... oh..."
In the end, she vomits up almost everything that was in her stomach.
Her mouth and throat feel disgusting. Her vomit-covered clothes smell terrible.
However, Mel Mel doesn't have the energy to do anything about it.
Cale Gale continues to enjoy sticking his dick inside Mel Mel's mouth.
Cale Gale "Oh, I've never felt this sensation before. Your mouth is filled with vomit. It feels quite different."
Mel Mel "Pfff... ugh, ngh... oof..."
Cale Gale laughs as he stirs around the vomit inside her mouth.
Mel Mel doesn't have any energy left to try to stop him.
............
......
...
#04_mel005
Mel Mel "Hah... I'm exhausted..."
A few weeks have passed since Mel Mel started her journey of paying reparations.
During this time, Cale Gale has purchased her services several times, fucking her in various ways.
Up until now, he's paid quite the sum each time, but still not as much as the first old man.
Sometimes she would use the drugs provided by Cale Gale to pleasure customers, encouraging the customers to purchase the drug themselves, but the amount of money she can earn is limited.
Mel Mel "Having to go through Cale Gale means the price and volume are in his control......"
Mel Mel "Perhaps I could try to get some minister to pay the rest for my freedom...?"
But there are too many variables. Service Nation customers are all perverts, and the higher their status, the worse they are.
If her debt is paid off by the wrong person, it doesn't matter how sturdy halflings are, she won't be able to last. Even now, her body is exhausted to its core.
Mel Mel "I mean, I know I'm pretty sturdy, but I don't have bottomless energy."
Mel Mel shouts in her empty room.
In any case, she needs to come up with some plan.
If she can't escape this path of selling her body, it's only a matter of time before something happens that can't be reversed.
Mel Mel "I have to get information from a source other than Cale Gale, or nothing will change."
The people she's dealt with the longest are her customers, of course.
However, the customers are too busy thinking about fucking her, so they don't seem to listen to anything she has to say. And by the time they finish, Mel Mel's mentally exhausted.
She lets out a sigh as she contemplates this stalemate.
Mel Mel "I can't give up."
These are the times when one must have a strong heart.
Mel Mel tells herself as she formulates a new plan.
Cale Gale "General Derek scolded me, accusing me of spoiling you too much."
Cale Gale says that on his visit today.
Mel Mel flinches when she hears the name of the man who put her in this situation.
Mel Mel "I don't recall you ever spoiling me."
Cale Gale "Yes, and I never intended to treat you as such. However, General Derek feels that I have been too selective with your clientele."
Cale Gale "He thinks you should be able to handle larger groups of men."
Mel Mel "Hmm, I see."
She can see how Derek may think that.
She understands how he would be willing to use her in a way to make the most money, even at the cost of her health.
Mel Mel "So, what do you want to do? I suppose you don't have it in you to defy the great General Derek, do you?"
Cale Gale "I mean, he is the man who gave me this position, after all."
Cale Gale wipes the sweat off his brow with a handkerchief.
Mel Mel gives a disgruntled snort, but she is secretly thinking how this is a great opportunity.
If she is able to take on a large group by Derek's orders, some of them are bound to be unconnected to Cale Gale.
It will give her a chance to find out any information she might be able to use.
Mel Mel "Fine, I'll roll up my sleeves and do my best for Lord General Derek. However, you'll owe me for this."
Cale Gale "Yes, of course. I always repay my debts. I promise."
Cale Gale smiles as he rubs his hands together.
There is nothing trustworthy behind his smile.
Mel Mel "Hah... The Service Nation never fails to disgust me..."
She's brought to the main street of the Service Nation lined with brothels.
Although, Mel Mel wouldn't be entering one of them at this time.
Instead, she will be taking customers in a back alley off the main street.
The reason given is that skipping the room will speed up the turnover rate for the customers.
Of course, in any other country, one would expect to be arrested by authorities.
But leave it to the Service Nation to allow such acts.
Mel Mel "Who would even think up something like this?"
Mel Mel lets out a disgusted sigh and brings her hand behind her ass to cover it.
She isn't being asked to be ass fucked.
Someone came up with the moronic idea of receiving her payments inside her asshole.
Mel Mel "Whatever. I'll just do what I can today! The harder I work, the closer my freedom will become!"
She cheerfully encourages herself while entering the designated alley.
#04_mel006h_mel05
Mel Mel "W-Welcome. Thank you for coming. I hope you enjoy yourselves today."
She turns to look behind her and shakes her butt to greet the customers. They are all young, male merchants.
Mel Mel's ass is, of course, exposed, and her asshole and pussy are on full display.
Young Merchant "Pretty cute for someone in an alley, and she's a halfling to boot."
Mel Mel "Hehehe, thank you for the compliment. I'll be sure to give you the full works!"
Her smile twitches as she speaks insincerely.
Still, she lifts up her bottom and wags her tail.
Mel Mel "My pussy is already so wet. Please stick your dick inside. I'll squeeze it until it's empty."
She says this as she shakes her ass. Lube drips down in strings like it is her own juices.
Young Merchant "Hehehe, what a slut. You want my dick that much?"
Mel Mel "Yes! I want your dick! So please? Hurry!"
Young Merchant "Hehe, fine. I'll give it to you then."
The man begins taking off his pants as he says that.
Mel Mel is relieved but still dreads what's to come. She is still not used to being the product herself.
She feels stupid because of how she is lewdly enticing the man.
However, Mel Mel doesn't drop her smile.
Mel Mel "Oh, your dick is already so erect. It's just so big and hard."
Young Merchant "Okay, I'll give it to you now."
The man grabs Mel Mel's bare ass and pushes his dick against her slit.
Mel Mel "Hah! Ahh! So deep already! Your dick is... hitting me so deep..."
The lube helps the man's dick deep slide into her pussy.
She fights back the urge to tremble when she feels the man's dick penetrate her and gives the man a coquettish smile.
Mel Mel "Your dick is so hot and hard... I can't hold back!"
Mel Mel (Ah, what am I even doing?)
She grits her teeth as she holds in her self-loathing, tightening the muscles in her loins to squeeze the man's dick with her pussy.
The man moans in surprise and thrusts furiously.
Mel Mel "Ah, mm, hah, mm, fahn! Afuhn, ahhh, hee, ahhh! Sir, your dick is so hot!"
Young Merchant "This is amazing. It's the best pussy I've ever had! I love how it grips my dick and won't let go!"
Mel Mel "Ah, ah, I mean! Your dick is... so big!"
Of course, it's not actually true. Everything is relatively big compared to a halfling after all.
However, the man takes Mel Mel's words sincerely and continues pumping his hips.
The sticky sounds of the lube echo throughout the alley.
Mel Mel "Ah, fah, ah! If you fuck me that hard, I'm going to...!"
Young Merchant "Ngh, I'm going to cum!"
Mel Mel "C-Cum! Ahh, cum inside my pussy! Fill me up with your special dick sauce!"
She tenses her loins to squeeze his dick even harder.
The man howls as his hips tremble.
Splllrrrrt! Bshhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Hyaaaaaaah! Y-Yes! So much... hot, dick juice! Your cum is all inside my pussy!"
The man explodes as he ejaculates, and Mel Mel takes it all in her pussy as she pulls up her hips.
She feels pleasure at her very core as her body shivers, the man's dick pumping cum into her pussy.
But she quickly pushes down such feelings and switches to business mode.
Mel Mel "Fah, ahh! Your dick is the best!"
Young Merchant "Halflings are nice an' tight. I didn't think it'd be this good."
Mel Mel "Hehe, thank you. Your dick felt very good as well."
Mel Mel (Hah... How long do I have to keep this act up?)
She smiles without betraying her disgust.
Young Merchant "Well, I've broken a few hearts in my day! Anyway, I'm gonna leave a tip since it was better than I imagined."
Mel Mel "Oh, thank you!"
Mel Mel lifts her ass up again toward the man.
She tenses her anus to pucker out her asshole.
The man smiles as he takes out some coins and inserts them into her small little asshole.
Mel Mel "Ngh... mm... Thank you."
Young Merchant "Yeah, later then."
The man slaps Mel Mel's ass and whistles as he walks away.
Another man comes to take his place. His pants are already down to his ankles.
Mel Mel looks up at him with a forced smile.
Mel Mel (Ugh, this guy smells weird.)
Not only does he smell, he clearly looks like a vagrant.
Judging from his filth, Mel Mel questions if he even has money.
Hobo "What? You got a problem?"
Mel Mel "N-No, nothing of the sort. I welcome all sorts of customers!"
Hobo "Good, then I'll be using your services then."
The man grins and grabs Mel Mel's ass with his dirty hands.
She's not sure if it's the man's sweat, but she feels something slimy and wet, causing all the hair on her body to stand on end.
However, Mel Mel somehow manages to keep in her disgust and lifts her ass toward the man.
Mel Mel "B-Be my guest. It should be nice and tight for you!"
Hobo "Sure. It better be as good as you say."
Mel Mel "Ah! Aff! Ah! Fah! Agh, hah, hah! So rough!"
The man penetrates his dick deep inside her and begins thrusting his hips back and forth.
The strong shockwaves reach deep into her loins, and she feels a dull pleasure.
Mel Mel senses some panic and hesitation within her, but she doesn't stop flattering the man.
Mel Mel "Hah, mm, wow! Ahh, I feel it deep inside my stomach! Hyah, aff! I feel your dick!"
Mel Mel (Ngh... but this guy's dick was really dirty, wasn't it? I feel like my insides are getting dirty... Eeek!)
All the hair raises on her body when she imagines her own pussy becoming smelly as well.
Her whole body shivers with disgust. She's even becoming nauseous, but she can't show him such a response.
Mel Mel squeezes the man's dick with her pussy while lifting her ass behind her.
Mel Mel "More... Ah... Hah, eeek, ngh! Fuck me more!"
Hobo "Ngh! Are all halflings slutty like you!?"
Mel Mel "Mff, ah, ah! I'm especially slutty!"
Mel Mel (Ah, honestly! Why do I have to say stuff like this?)
She knows in her head it's to please the men, getting them to cum quickly so she can get paid.
However, getting her to accept this in her heart is another story.
Of course, the man doesn't pick up on her suffering. He takes her words and attitude at face value, causing him to pump more wildly.
Hobo "Ngh! Goddess! The harder I fuck you, the more your pussy sucks me in!"
Mel Mel "Hah, ah, are you close? Mm, ah... Will you shoot your cum... inside my pussy?"
Hobo "Yeah, I'll pump you full of my cum, so you can thank me!"
Mel Mel "Ah, ah... mm... Thank you! Ah, ah, eeek!"
She says things the man wants to hear and squeezes her pussy tighter.
She'll need to take on many people to earn lots of money, and the key is to get them to cum quickly.
However, the tighter she makes it, the more friction it causes, leading to more heat than Mel Mel wants.
Mel Mel (Ah, honestly! It's not like any of this is turning me on!)
She becomes irritated with her own pleasure and continues to squeeze the man's dick, keeping her pussy nice and tight.
Hobo "Okay, I'm going to cum... I'm going to cum right inside your pussy!"
Mel Mel "Ah, hurry! Give me all your cum inside my pussy!"
She arches her back and pushes her ass harder into the man.
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Bshhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhhh! Ah, ahhhh! Hot cum is...! Ah, ah! Hot cum is filling my pussy!"
Mel Mel "Ah! It's so amazing! There's so much! My pussy can't hold it all!"
The man's cum gushes into her pussy.
The hot, sticky cum causes her hips to tremble as she continues to stroke the man's ego.
Mel Mel "Aff... Were you able to enjoy my pussy?"
Hobo "Y-Yeah, it was better than I thought."
The man catches his breath and gives her a smile.
He jams his hand into his pants pocket and pulls out a coin.
Hobo "I'll give you a little tip for the effort."
Mel Mel "Ngh!? Rrr... Thank you for your patronage..."
He sticks his finger inside her asshole along with the money.
Once again, she thinks how much of a pervert Cale Gale is to designate such an asinine payment method.
However, Mel Mel has to hide her shame and thank the man.
As he leaves, the next man steps forward.
Mel Mel "W-Welcome to Mel Mel's pussy shop."
She doesn't even know what she's saying at this point as she welcomes the third man.
After acknowledging this as a job, she needs to continue doing this until the end and earn as much as she can.
Mel Mel solidifies her resolve and smiles at the men forming a line behind her.
And so a few hours pass...
Mel Mel "Fah! Ah, ahh! Right there! Ahh, my pussy! I love it right there! It feels so good!"
She has already pleasured over ten men at this point, and Mel Mel's body is covered in cum.
Still, Mel Mel shakes her cum-covered ass and entices the man as she tightens her loins.
Mel Mel "Ah, right there! It's hitting just the right spot! Ah, your dick feels so good!"
Mel Mel (Rrr... I have to get this over quickly!)
She feels herself start to rush.
All the men have just been using her body for their own pleasure without showing any concern for Mel Mel.
Her pussy has been rubbed raw, and it's burning hot with pain.
With the never-ending parade of dicks she's been pleasuring, the pain and heat would only increase.
However, the pain and heat mix together, and she begins to feel an urge building deep within her loins.
Mel Mel (Ngh... I know that I'm not getting turned on by this...!)
Mel Mel tells herself this as she tightens her pussy.
Mel Mel "Hah! Hah, hurry up and give it to me! Fill my pussy up with your cum!"
Tall Man "Okay! I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum inside your halfling pussy! Ngh!"
The dick starts to pulsate inside her hot, swollen pussy.
Splllrrrrt! Bshhhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhhhhh! It's cumming! Ahh, more hot, thick cum is shooting deep into my pussy!"
She desperately tries to express her joy with her dirty talk in order to please the man.
The man shivers in pleasure as he pumps more cum inside her.
Tall Man "Here's your money."
Mel Mel "Ngh! T-Thank you..."
Just like the other men, he puts the coins in Mel Mel's ass.
The discomfort in her asshole is building, but Mel Mel simply smiles back at the man.
Then the next man steps up.
There is a youthful quality left on his face, and he looks to be much younger than all the men who preceded him.
Boy "U-Um, maybe I shouldn't..."
Mel Mel "You don't want to be with me?"
Boy "N-No, I didn't mean that..."
The boy gulps loudly.
He continues to sneak peeks at her cum-covered groin.
It's painfully obvious that the boy already has an erection.
Mel Mel "Is this your first time? In that case, I'll give you the works. Let my pussy take your virginity."
Boy "B-But... this doesn't feel..."
Mel Mel (Oh, give it a rest already. I know you want to buy me, stop beating around the bush.)
She pushes down her irritation with his non-committal attitude and lifts up her ass with a smile.
Mel Mel "See? All you have to do is stick that hard, virgin dick inside my dirty little pussy."
Mel Mel "My wet pussy will grip your virgin dick and make you feel really good before you cum like everyone else."
Mel Mel "You don't want to experience that?"
Boy "I do, but..."
Mel Mel "Don't worry, leave it to me."
Boy "O-Okay."
The boy finally agrees after she cajoles him gently like a sister.
He takes out his young dick and hastily pushes it toward her slit.
Mel Mel "Ngh!"
Mel Mel (Wait! It's in already?)
While somewhat pleasant, the act of penetration wasn't nearly as jolting as she anticipated.
Part of it is her dulled senses after being fucked by so many men before, but the boy's dick is plainly smaller.
However, to the boy, Mel Mel's cum-filled pussy is the best thing ever.
Boy "Ah, w-wow! It feels so good!"
Mel Mel "Oh, um, yeah... It feels good for me too! Ah, such a hot dick!"
The boy pumps his hips.
To be honest, his efforts leave much to be desired for her.
However, Mel Mel moans for the boy, tightening her pussy like she's done for the other men.
Boy "Ah, ahhh...! You're going to make me...!"
Mel Mel "Oh, ready to cum already? You're going to shoot your load? Okay, cum whenever you want!"
Mel Mel "Give it all to me! I want your very first load from that virgin dick!"
Boy "Ah... ah, ahh...!"
The boy looks up at the sky and starts trembling as he thrusts into her.
He ramps up the speed before his whole body suddenly convulses.
Splllrrrrt, gshhhh!")
Mel Mel "Ah, ah! It's so hot! Your virgin cum is filling up my pussy!"
The boy pumps his cum inside her already cum-filled pussy.
It's a rather disappointing amount, but Mel Mel puts on a performance for the boy's first time.
Mel Mel "Afuh! Ngh, mm... Thank you."
The boy timidly puts the coins in Mel Mel's asshole after finishing his time.
She closes it right up so as to not spill any of the money and thanks the boy.
The boy gulps loudly and silently shakes his head.
The man behind him violently pushes the boy aside.
Thug "If you're done, then get out of the way already."
This ?hman?h actually looks to be a teenager, but he's someone who has a toe dipped into a life of crime.
The little delinquent whips out his dick proudly.
Thug "Get ready because I'm gonna make you scream, you halfling slut."
Mel Mel "Oh... uh, yeah... you're welcome to."
Mel Mel gives the young thug a smile while noting his foreskin hasn't been pulled back.
The young man gives a snort and grabs her ass.
Mel Mel "Ngh! Ah, so deep!"
Thug "How's that!? My dick feels good, don't it?"
Mel Mel "Ah, y-yes! So good...! Your dick is hitting deep inside me!"
His dick is quite sizable, and it's reaching quite deep inside her pussy.
It's also plenty hard, and her moaning is mostly not an act.
Thug "Your pussy's so loose! Tighten it up, slut!"
Mel Mel "Fah, I'm sorry! Mm, ngh... Ah, h-how's this?"
Thug "Yeah, that's more like it!"
The young man pushes deeper.
All the cum inside her pussy sloshes around as he fucks her, making loud, lewd, smacking sounds.
Pleasure begins to build inside Mel Mel's hot, swollen pussy as it feels like an itch is being scratched.
Mel Mel "Fah!? Ahh! Mm, ngh... fah, ah, hyah!"
Thug "Hahaha! Keep making those noises, slut!"
Mel Mel "Ah! Ah! My butt! Eeeek!"
The young man gets carried away after seeing Mel Mel's response and slaps her ass while he fucks her.
While angry with his disrespectful attitude, she pushes it down because he is a paying customer.
Mel Mel "M-More! Mm, ahah! I'll tighten my pussy more! So please fuck me with your hard dick!"
Thug "Hehehe, you're a dirty slut! Okay, I'll give you what you want!"
The young man smiles with pleasure as he begins fucking her pussy harder.
Mel Mel "Ngh, yes, there! Your hard dick is hitting me deep inside!"
Mel Mel raises her voice. She is only half-acting at this point.
Her pussy is numb and swollen from all the men she's already fucked, and she can no longer tell if it's hot or in pain at this point.
However, his aggressive fucking causes her to feel a not unpleasant aching, tingly sensation.
Mel Mel (Nghhhh, not this unpeeled dick...!)
She moans reluctantly and tightens up her pussy around his dick.
Mel Mel "Fah! W-Wow! Ah, ahh... Your dick is so deep... Ah, it feels so good!"
Thug "Fuck, that feels good... Do you want my cum that bad?"
Mel Mel "Y-Yes! I want it! I want your cum! I want your hot cum all inside my pussy!"
She reflexively says what she thinks the young man wants to hear and squeezes her burning hot pussy.
Her pussy grips his dick so hard that it almost stops it in its tracks.
Thug "Ngh, you fucking...! Fine, I'll give it to you now!"
Mel Mel "Ahhh! Ah, hurry! Give me your jizz! Cum inside of me quickly!"
Thug "Oh, ohhhhhhhhh!"
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhh, bshhhh! Bshh, bshhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Hyaaaaaaaaaaah! It's so hot! Your jizz is boiling hot! Ah, ah! No, I can't!"
Her already hot pussy is pushed over the edge as the young man fills it with his hot, white cum.
She arches her back, and her tail fur puffs out.
Mel Mel "Ah, ah, ah, ahh... I'm cumming... Ah, I'm... I'm going to cum from your cum!"
Mel Mel grits her teeth in frustration as she actually climaxes.
Mel Mel continues to take on a continuous stream of men.
The more she's fucked, the more exhaustion and pleasure she experiences until it becomes difficult to withstand.
Mel Mel no longer knows if the dirty things she says are an act or not.
Then...
Mel Mel "Ah, right there! Ah, mff, ahh! More! Fuck me more! Eek, ah, right there! Fuck me with your dick!"
The sun is setting to the west, and dark shadows fall upon the alley.
Her asshole has been spread wide open with all the coins stuffed inside as payment.
Mel Mel "Ah, why!? It feels so good! You're hitting all the right spots!"
Middle-aged Man "What if I do this?"
Mel Mel "Kah! R-Right there! My womb! Ah, you're grinding against the entrance! It feels so good!"
Unlike all the other men who only fucked her for their own pleasure, this man was trying to make this pleasurable for Mel Mel.
Her pussy has been fucked raw, and a shiver runs down her spine when he plunges deep to hit her cervical canal.
Additionally, the pain and weight she feels in her asshole are only adding to Mel Mel's excitement.
Mel Mel (Ahah, my asshole... Mmm! So many coins, they make me so happy!)
Mel Mel (This is the money I earned... The pain I've undergone to become free... Hngh!)
She tenses the muscles around her asshole that's been spread open by the coins.
She feels a sharp pain as the coins prevent it from closing, and this pain is the realization of Mel Mel's hard work. When she thinks of it this way, the pain almost becomes precious.
Mel Mel "More... Fuck me more! Stick your dick even deeper inside me!"
Middle-aged Man "Well, well... What a demanding child. How about this?"
Mel Mel "Nghhhhhhhh! Hah! Hah! Your dick is hitting my womb!"
The old man grants Mel Mel her wish and thrusts his hard dick into her cervical canal.
A jolt of pleasure shoots down her hair and fingertips, and she finds herself snapping in and out of consciousness.
Her pussy is astonishingly sensitive having been fucked by dozens of men today.
Mel Mel "Ah, I'm going to cum! I'm sorry! I'm going to cum from my pussy!"
Middle-aged Man "There, there. I don't mind. Here!"
Mel Mel "Hah! Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhhhh!"
The old man fucks her deep in her cervical canal at speeds unthinkable for a man his age.
Mel Mel is being pushed closer and closer to climaxing.
Spllllrrrrt, bshhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Eeeeeeeeeeeeeek, I'm cumming! Your cum is making me cum!"
The old man's dick spasms as it remains parked at the entrance of her uterus.
His impressive dick pumps a massive load of cum into her uterus.
Mel Mel "Hah, I'm going to cum again! The filling of my womb is making me cum again!"
Mel Mel arches her back and screams in ecstasy as the old man's dick pulsates warmly inside her.
Mel Mel "Ngh... Thank you..."
The old man pulls his dick out and pushes his payment inside Mel Mel's spread-out asshole.
Her asshole spasms in response to the pain.
However, the pain is most welcome for Mel Mel.
Mel Mel (Hehe, I made more money...)
Mel Mel "Please buy my services again..."
Exhausted, Mel Mel shakes her ass at the old man with a smile. Her mind is numb from the continuous fucking.
The old man leaves with a satisfied smile.
Mel Mel "Who's next?"
Mel Mel shakes her ass to invite the next man.
Being positioned on all fours this whole time has caused her limbs to tingle and go numb. It goes without saying that she's felt a burning pain in her pussy for a while now.
However, Mel Mel is still itching to go.
Mel Mel (I'm going to earn more... I'm going to show Cale Gale up by servicing all these guys!)
She hears laughter as she makes this vow to herself.
Merchant "Looks like you've made another killing today, Mel Mel."
Mel Mel "Huh...?"
She partially comes to her senses when she hears the familiar voice.
Mel Mel "I-It's you!"
She's seen this man before.
He's a man who was involved in some unscrupulous business that she crushed just like she did with Cale Gale.
Mel Mel "W-Why are you here...?"
Merchant "Hey, is that any way to look at your customer? You're in no position to judge right now."
Mel Mel "Y-You're no----"
Merchant "I'm no customer? You're going to turn away someone who hasn't even caused any trouble? Is that the way you do business?"
Mel Mel "Ngh..."
Mel Mel is flustered after the man questions her integrity as a merchant.
Despite whatever happened in the past, this man hasn't caused any trouble in her current venture.
Then she'll have no choice but to accept him as a customer.
She bites her lip in frustration before lifting her ass up to him.
Mel Mel "P-Please buy my pussy."
Merchant "Hahaha, that's more like it. That's the way to address your customer."
The man laughs heartily and whips out his already hard dick, thrusting it inside Mel Mel's pussy.
Mel Mel "Ngh!? Ah, eek, ah, ngh, hah, ahhhhhh...!"
The man's dick is much bigger than all the men she's experienced today.
He forces his dick into her swollen and tight pussy, spreading pain throughout her body.
Not to mention her rectum is full of coins that have been forced through her asshole.
Mel Mel "Ah, ngh, hah, ahh...! My stomach! Ngh, gah...!"
Merchant "Not used to this size, are you?"
Mel Mel "Mm, ngh, rrr..."
Mel Mel (It's not the size, it's the fact that it's rubbing against my butt...)
Mel Mel normally wouldn't have a problem with a dick this size having lost her virginity to a giant troll dick.
However, the situation is much worse right now.
Mel Mel "Ah, hah, hhhh, fah, kff!"
Merchant "Hehehe, halflings are so tight. I think I'll buy myself a halfling sex slave!"
Mel Mel "Kah, fah, hyah! Ahah! Oh, my tummy is so hot!"
The man ramps up his speed.
His dick is rubbing up against the coins through her intestinal walls, and you can hear her stomach making a metallic jingling sound.
Mel Mel (Ah, have I gone crazy from all the fucking? The coins are moving inside my stomach, and it feels so good. It's like my head's going to explode!)
Merchant "You love this, don't you!? Hyah!"
Mel Mel "Ahhh, ah, yes, yes, yes! This feels so good!"
Mel Mel clenches her fists as tears form in her eyes. She moans as she looks up at the man.
The thought of this man fucking her so good fills her chest with rage.
However, she realizes that she needs to stroke this man's ego without hiding her pleasure.
Mel Mel "More! Ngh! Ah, ah, give me your fat dick deep in my pussy! Wreck my slutty pussy!"
Merchant "Hahaha! I had no idea you were such a slut, Mel Mel!"
Mel Mel "Eeeeek! Hyah! Hngh! Ahh, well, I'm a whore right now! That's why, ah, ah, ahhhhhh!"
She casts aside her pride and screams as the man fucks her faster and faster.
It is not as if she wants any of this to happen, but the more she screams, the more pleasurable it feels.
Mel Mel "Cum! Cum inside my pussy!"
Merchant "Hahaha, you're going to be as great a whore as you were a merchant, Mel Mel!"
Mel Mel "Ah, I will! I will! I'm going to become a great whore! Fah, eeek, eeeeeeeek!"
Being so violently fucked by a man she has a history with awakens the masochist in Mel Mel.
Her pussy is filled with her own juices and the cum from dozens of men begins to writhe hungrily for more cum.
Mel Mel "Please! Ahh, ahh, hurry! Please give me your cum, or else I'm going to----!"
Merchant "Hah, you're going to cum already? You halfling slut!"
Mel Mel "Ah, I'm sorry! Ah, ah, but! Eeeeeeeeeek!"
Merchant "Ngh, okay. If you want it so bad, I'll fill you with my cum!"
Mel Mel "Afah! Ahh, thank you! Ah, ah, ah!"
The man thrusts harder, plunging his dick deeper as it knocks on the entrance of her uterus.
She feels a jolt of electricity as the tip of his dick penetrates her womb.
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Eeeeeeeek! Ahhhhhh, cuuuuuuuuuuum! You're cumming! Ahhhhhhhhh!"
The man fills Mel Mel up with his cum.
Mel Mel "Ah, I'm going to cum too! Even though I'm a merchant, I'm going to... I'm going to...!"
Mel Mel "Cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuum! Ahhhhhhh, I can't hold it back anymore! I can't stop cumming!"
Mel Mel screams out in ecstasy as she climaxes, her whole body shuddering. It's as if she's fallen into the depths of an abyss where there is no return.
Merchant "Here's your money."
Mel Mel "Ugh...! Ah, ahhh... Thank you... Kahhh, hahh, nahhh, ahhhhhh!"
The man pushes his coins into Mel Mel's already full asshole.
It expands, and she greets the pain with a smile.
The man sneers upon seeing this.
Merchant "You know, I should celebrate an old friend starting a new venture. Here's a little something extra."
Mel Mel "Ngh!? Eeek, ngh, ngh, ngh!"
The man shoves several more coins into her full asshole.
The weight of the coins feels heavy in her rectum, and Mel Mel experiences a sharp pain like one feels when one gets food poisoning.
Mel Mel "Fngh, gah, ah, ahh!"
Merchant "Hahaha, you still want more? Oh, fine. I mean, we go way back, after all."
Mel Mel "Ngh! Ngh! Kff, fngh... I-It hurts! Ahhhhhhhh!"
Large beads of sweat form on Mel Mel's forehead as he adds even more coins.
Her stomach makes a nasty growling sound.
Mel Mel "N-No... Ah... Not here... Ah...!"
Her small body trembles, and her teeth chatter.
She rubs her thighs together as she fights through the pain.
Merchant "Look at that discipline! Okay, here's one final tip!"
Mel Mel "Eeek! Kyahah! Ah, ah, ah!"
The man forces a few more coins into her asshole which has been stretched past its limits.
Mel Mel "Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Mel Mel howls like a beast as she spews coins from her asshole.
She spatters brown juices around her as all the coins she's been holding in go flying through the air.
Mel Mel "Hyaaaaaaaaaah! Ahhhhh, ahhh! Why!? My... My... My...!"
She shits out all the coins.
As each coin shoots out of her asshole, Mel Mel feels a jolt of pleasure run down her spine.
She is overtaken by a gratifying pleasure as all the pain melts away.
Mel Mel "Hyaaaaaaaaaah! I'm cumming! I'm cumming while I'm pooing!"
Mel Mel's whole body convulses as she experiences a greater pleasure than she did with any of their orgasms.
Mel Mel becomes intoxicated by the pleasurable feeling of shitting while she shoots out each coin.
Mel Mel "Ahhhh... hahhh, hahhh... ngh, ahhh..."
After she finishes defecating, Mel Mel's whole body spasms.
A horrible stench fills the air as the men still in line begin to complain.
However, Mel Mel is too tired to apologize.
Mel Mel (Ah... I just shat in front of people.)
Mel Mel (But... mm... hah... I need to collect the coins before someone steals them...)
Mel Mel "Huh...?"
Mel Mel musters up all the strength she has left to lift her body up before she's stopped in her tracks.
Her eyes are fixed on the coins that came out of her ass.
Mel Mel "W-Why...?"
The coins on the ground aren't the color she imagined.
They're not brown because of her shit, that's the color of the coins.
They aren't gold coins. They're copper.
Mel Mel "No way... They're all copper? I worked so hard, just for copper?"
She pleasured dozens of men, but that wouldn't even amount to a single gold coin.
Although, it is her own fault for not checking the payment.
Mel Mel "Hah... hahaha... N-No way..."
Mel Mel can only laugh and cry at this cruel reality.
She's experienced setbacks before, but this is the first time she's felt despair on this level.
Something breaks and crumbles inside Mel Mel.
............
......
...
#04_mel007
Mel Mel "Hah... What am I doing?"
Mel Mel lets out an exhausted sigh as she recalls the events of the previous day.
It was a particularly large blunder.
She offered up her body, her only merchandise, without even confirming the payment.
That is absolutely unacceptable as a merchant. Even a first-year apprentice wouldn't make such a mistake.
Mel Mel "Has a life of confinement dulled my senses?"
She's been having problems thinking lately. Her decision-making skills are noticeably worse than they were before.
Perhaps she's already made a fatal mistake. Such feelings of self-doubt and uncertainty creep up from the soles of her feet to her chest.
Her heart contracts sharply.
Mel Mel "No... I had no other choice but to sell my body..."
Her voice trembles as she squeezes her arms around her body. Her fingers dig into her flesh as she struggles to breathe through clenched teeth.
She takes a few deep breaths, and she gradually regains her composure.
Mel Mel "Yes, I'm okay... I mean, I made a bit of a mistake, but it's nothing I haven't gone through before. I've survived this long."
Mel Mel "It's all right! I can make this up!"
Mel Mel speaks cheerfully as if to shake off any lingering bad feelings.
However, there is a certain lack of energy behind her voice.
Cale Gale "So, Mel Mel, what do you think about a big gambit?"
Mel Mel "No..."
Cale Gale "Well, that's a disappointing answer. That makes me sad, Mel Mel."
Cale Gale covers his face in an exaggerated manner as he laments.
Mel Mel simply stares scornfully.
Cale Gale lets out a sigh before looking back at her.
Cale Gale "You're really not interested in a big gambit? You'd rather earn a pittance, slowly making your money, not knowing when you'll eventually be able to pay the reparations back?"
Mel Mel "I'm a merchant. Not a gambler."
Cale Gale "But every merchant needs to take risks for the big payout."
Mel Mel "I mean, that's true, but only a fool would blindly agree to a scheme brought to them by a conman."
Cale Gale "Oh, how hurtful! I had no idea you saw me like that!"
Cale Gale looks up at the heavens in a bit of dramatic acting.
Mel Mel simply continues to stare at him with a scornful look. She won't be swayed by such bad acting.
Cale Gale clears his throat and asks her a probing question.
Cale Gale "Then I should take this opportunity for a big gambit to someone else?"
Mel Mel "Yes, you should do that. I'm not interested at all."
Cale Gale "Very well. In that case... Let's see, what was the name... They're a halfling like you----"
Mel Mel "Hold on! What do you mean halfling?"
Mel Mel frantically asks.
Cale Gale gives her a deliberately shocked look.
Cale Gale "I mean, you aren't the only one having to pay reparations. Sorry, I meant ransom. There are other halfling girls looking to pay it off for their freedom."
Mel Mel "What!?"
Cale Gale "But it's okay if you're not interested. There are others who might be."
Mel Mel "Nghhhhhhhh!"
She can't abandon her peers as the suzerain representative.
The others must be in a similar situation, and she can't allow them to suffer further.
Cale Gale "Anyway, I'll take this opportunity to her----"
Mel Mel "I'll do it!"
Cale Gale "What's that now?"
Mel Mel is furious. She wants to cry, but she just glares at Cale Gale.
She's already buried up to her neck in this hell.
She's afraid that if she goes along with this. She'll sink all the way down.
However, now that she knows her allies who've been with her through thick and thin have a blade to their necks, she can no longer turn a blind eye.
Mel Mel takes deep breaths as she musters all her hate into her eyes.
Mel Mel "I'll do this big gambit. You brought it to me in the first place, so there shouldn't be an issue."
Cale Gale "Yes, of course. I'm happy to see you interested, Mel Mel."
Mel Mel "Hmph."
Mel Mel simply snorts as Cale Gale sits there smiling.
She imagines herself stuck inside quicksand, sinking slowly.
Mel Mel "How depraved can this country be?"
Cale Gale has brought Mel Mel to a plaza, and she is already so exhausted that she feels like collapsing.
The center of the plaza is roped off, and there is a crowd surrounding it.
Mel Mel is of course inside the ropes.
Audience Member A "Wait, they're entering a kid in the race? Is she gonna be okay?"
Audience Member B "That's a halfling, you idiot. You got this, girl! I'm cheering for you!"
Mel Mel "Hahaha..."
Mel Mel chuckles dryly as she thinks about what's about to start.
It doesn't matter how much she gets cheered on, she feels utterly unmotivated.
Mel Mel (No, I have to change my mindset... I'll win here and turn the tables! For my friends' sake!)
Mel Mel shakes off her apprehension and manages to muster up all the energy she has left before lifting up her head.
Cale Gale emerges from the crowd.
He gives Mel Mel a smile as he hands her a small piece of paper.
Cale Gale "Sorry for the wait. Here is your betting ticket."
Mel Mel "Betting ticket, huh...?"
Mel Mel shakes the paper he handed her.
There is a large number written on it. That would be Mel Mel's racing number.
Yes, Mel Mel is about to enter a race.
Of course, she isn't just running or riding a horse.
She'll be the horse who will have to carry a rider across the finish line in front of this crowd.
Mel Mel (But if I can come in first...!)
Mel Mel crumples up the betting ticket.
Cale Gale nods with a huge smile on his face.
Cale Gale "Fortunately for you, they view your small, halfling stature as a disadvantage. The odds against you are astounding. If you win, there is going to be a huge payout."
Cale Gale "But if you lose... you will have to repay me for this ticket on top of the reparations you already owe."
Mel Mel "You don't have to tell me. I already know."
The betting ticket in Mel Mel's hand becomes damp with her sweat.
If she wins, she can win enough money to buy her freedom. If she loses, freedom will become much further.
Mel Mel takes a huge breath to calm her nerves.
Cale Gale "Now then, Mel Mel. Please head in to prepare to race."
Cale Gale points at a tent up ahead.
Mel Mel nods and walks over.
#04_mel008h_mel06
Announcer "We have many mares in store for you today, but one you might find quite interesting!"
Announcer "One of our mares is a halfling. While conventional thinking would put her at a disadvantage, we will have to see what she can do!"
The moderator pumps up the whole plaza.
Mel Mel chuckles again at the surreal situation.
Mel Mel (Having to move forward while getting raped by a goblin from behind... who comes up with this?)
She couldn't believe her ears when Cale Gale told her about the event. She is once again dismayed after arriving at the race site.
Nobody in their right mind could come up with a race that had half-naked women compete to cross the finish line first while being fucked by a goblin.
She has once again underestimated the Service Nation's depravity.
Goblin "Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
The goblin behind Mel Mel screams as if to fire himself up.
They are the riders in this race.
There are other wild-looking goblins waiting behind the other women.
Announcer "The race is finally about to start."
Announcer "Five... four... three... two... one..."
Mel Mel (I have to finish first! I'll buy my freedom with my winnings!)
Mel Mel tries to time her start with the moderator's countdown.
She tenses all the muscles in her body.
Announcer "Start!"
Mel Mel "Ngh!? Agh, mfff, eeeeeeek!"
Mel Mel sets off at the moderator's signal.
However, her perfect start is squandered because of the goblin sticking his dick inside her pussy.
She feels a sharp pain as he forces his dick into her dry pussy.
This is what this race is about.
Mel Mel withstands the pain as she frantically crawls to propel herself forward.
Audience Member A "Run! Come on! Stop lagging!"
There is a mixture of cheers and heckles from the crowd. Some of them probably placed their bets on her.
She doesn't know how much they bet, but they are screaming their heads off.
Mel Mel (Shut up already! I don't plan to lose!)
She glances over at the crowd before facing forward again to advance.
The goblin is thrusting wildly as if to tell Mel Mel to hurry up.
Goblin "Gyah! Gyah!"
Mel Mel "Ngh!? Mm, rrr... H-Hold on... Heb!"
The goblin is thrusting his hips furiously while pulling the rope connected to the gag that is taking the place of a bit.
She can't move forward if he's pulling her head back. Additionally, it's only made worse by his continual thrusting inside her dry pussy.
Mel Mel chomps down hard on the bit in pain and turns to the goblin behind her.
Mel Mel "Wait! I ca----mm, ngh... haff, no!"
The goblin violently slaps her ass as if he doesn't hear her.
Another sensation other than pain begins to build in her loins, and she bites down harder on the bit.
Her loins pulsate along with the goblin's movements, and she feels a hot twinge surging in her limbs.
Mel Mel (Ah, are you serious? Why...? How am I...? This is impossible...!)
She laments as she tries to deny this sensation.
Since being captured by the Service Nation, Mel Mel's body has undergone a dramatic change.
Despite her current situation, her pussy begins to accept the goblin's dick as it violently fucks her.
A sickening, wet sound reaches Mel Mel's ears as their groins slam into each other.
Mel Mel (I can't believe I'm getting turned on! I have to come in first place no matter what!)
Mel Mel angrily scolds herself for trembling in pleasure and reaches forward with her arm to proceed.
However----")
Goblin "Kgyaaaaaaaaah!"
Mel Mel "Nghh!? Ahh, hnnnnnnngh!"
The goblin gives her a powerful thrust, and she screams out in pain as it tears her pussy. The scream comes deep from her throat as her back arches behind.
Her whole body ignites on fire as the goblin's dick thrusts up into her womb.
Mel Mel "Kah... hah... hnggggggggggh!"
Mel Mel clenches her fist to try to withstand the shock to her system, tensing all the muscles in her body.
However, she won't be able to move forward like this.
Goblin "Gugyah! Gyawah!"
Mel Mel "Hah, hngh! Kfff! W-Wait! Ah, ahhh... kahah!"
The goblin beats her ass angrily as she stands still.
Mel Mel bites down hard on the bit and somehow manages to move her limbs forward.
However, the movement matches the goblin's, and her pussy squeezes tightly around his dick.
Mel Mel's limbs begin to tremble. Still, she frantically reaches forward with her arm to make some progress.
Mel Mel "Mm, kfff! Fngh! Mmmm! Uff! Hngh!"
But the goblin continues to thrust as if to interfere with Mel Mel's advancement.
He doesn't try to synchronize his movements or relegate a pace.
Even such selfish fucking is causing Mel Mel's pussy to become wet.
When the goblin's dick knocks on the entrance to her uterus, her whole back flinches, stopping her in her tracks.
Audience Member A "What the fuck are you doing!? Run! Run!"
Audience Member B "Run! You're going to lose!"
The crowd's jeers are getting louder.
Mel Mel would love to run and win.
She suppresses the pleasure rising from her loins by biting down on the bit.
She manages to hobble forward, but the goblin strikes her hard to tell her she's going too slow.
Mel Mel "Hyaaaaaaaah!? Hyah, fuuuuuuuuuhn!"
The goblin's dick noisily penetrates her cervical canal.
The arm she so painstakingly extended comes crashing down to the ground, and she screams as her body stretches.
The goblin decides to slam his dick against her cervical canal for some reason.
Each thrust sends a powerful wave of pleasure over Mel Mel as she tries to hold it all in.
Mel Mel "Kah! Hngh! Kfffffff! Mm, ngh, ngh, kffffffff!"
Even though she wants to run, she can't fight against the pleasure.
Drool drips down from her mouth forced open by the bit, and she begins to sway her body to match the goblin's fucking.
Mel Mel glances behind her and squeezes all the muscles in her loins.
Goblin "Gyah! Ubh!"
The goblin shouts with joy as her pussy squeezes his dick and accelerates his pace.
Mel Mel decides she has no other choice but to get him to cum first, and her actions are yielding results.
His dick scrapes against her vaginal walls and pokes her cervical canal.
The core of her hips becomes hot and numb, and a sensation similar to floating suddenly envelops Mel Mel's body.
Mel Mel (Ah, I'm going to actually cum! Not here! Not in the middle of this race!)
Mel Mel "Ahhhhh, ah, ahhhh, I can't... Ah, ah, ngh, mmmm!"
Mel Mel "Eeeeeeeeeeek! Hah! Hah! Hhhhhhhhh!"
Mel Mel feels as if the ground has disappeared, and she's been launched into space. She screams loudly as she climaxes.
Her pussy clamps down on the goblin's dick as if to chew it, edging her to another climax.
Mel Mel (Ah, it's coming...! Another big one... I'm going to cum again!)
Thwip!")
Mel Mel "Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Mel Mel's orgasm is interrupted by a hot burning sensation on her ass.
When she frantically looks back, she sees the goblin has whipped her for not moving forward.
Thwip!")
Mel Mel "Nghhhhhh! Kffffff! I-I'll move...!"
He whips her again and thrusts his dick inside her pussy again.
Of course, Mel Mel is well aware that she needs to move forward.
She is already in last place.
As she tries to advance forward while bearing the pain and pleasure, her ass is met with his whip again.
Thwip!")
Mel Mel "Eeeek! Hah, haaaaaaaaah!"
Mel Mel actually seems to scream in pleasure instead of pain.
Her ass burns from the whipping.
While it hurts, it combines with the heat she feels from the dick fucking her pussy.
The red welts on her ass twinge. It almost feels like a pleasurable twinge.
Mel Mel (N-No! No way! I'm not a pervert!)
Thwip!")
Mel Mel "Ngh! Affffff! Haaaaaaah! Hah, ahhh, hyaaaaaah!"
Her pussy tenses up when the whip hits her body.
The goblin whips her over and over as if he's enjoying the sensation while he continues to fuck her tighter pussy.
Goblin "Gyah! Gyah! Gah!"
Mel Mel "Nghhhhhhh! Kfffff! Ahhhhhhh! Hyaaaaahn! Ngh, ahhhhhh!"
Mel Mel (This is too much! It hurts! It hurts, but it feels so good... I'm going to... I'm going to...!)
The goblin is no longer paying attention to the race and is just fucking Mel Mel at this point.
Each time he whips her, Mel Mel edges closer to climaxing.
Her pussy is sopping wet with her juices, lubricating his dick nicely.
Thwip!")
Mel Mel "Ahhhhh! Aieeeeeee, hngh! Agh! Kff, mff... fuh, fuh, fuh...!"
Thwip!")
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Ahh, ahh, ah, ahhhh! Hngh, hnnnnnnnnnnngh!"
The goblin's cock and whip quickly push her to climax.
Her whipped ass meat tightens, and her pussy squeezes so tightly around the goblin's dick that he thinks she's going to crush it.
She also lets loose a fountain of piss.
Audience Member C "Hey, she just pissed herself during the race!"
Audience Member D "I can't believe it! What the hell is she thinking?"
Mel Mel "Agh, ahaaaaah! Heee, hyaaah, hyah... ah, ah, arghhhhhhh!"
Mel Mel continues to piss as she embraces her climax.
Even the sensation of pissing becomes pleasurable.
Mel Mel's heart and body are filled with overwhelming joy.
Mel Mel (Peeing feels so good!)
Thwip!")
Mel Mel "Faaaaaaaahn! Aiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeee!"
The goblin angrily whips her for cumming without him.
However, that is only adding to Mel Mel's pleasure. Her screams turn into moans.
Mel Mel "Hahn! Ah, hah, ahah! M-More!"
Audience Member E "Hey, she's not just getting off on pissing, but from the whipping too."
Spectator F "I feel sorry for anyone who bet on her."
The jeers and heckles slung at her from the sidelines snaps Mel Mel out of her sex stupor and reminds her what she's there for.
Mel Mel's senses finally register the sights and sounds around her.
Mel Mel "Hngh... kff... mfff! Fuh, fuh, ngh...!"
Mel Mel (That's right... I need to finish first in the race... I have to...!)
Despite being weak and dizzy from her orgasm, she tries to move forward once again.
But her movements are sluggish.
Not only does she remain in last place, but she is also falling further and further behind.
Perhaps not understanding the situation, the goblin pulls back on the reins as if to tell her not to run away while continuing to fuck her with his dick.
Mel Mel "Hyah! Ahhhhhhhh, hyuuuuuuhn! I can't! It feels too good!"
Her arms and legs tremble from the overwhelming pleasure.
She only takes a few steps, but that is as far as she can go.
The race and the crowd grow distant from her consciousness.
Mel Mel "Faaahn! More! Fuck my pussy more! Ahhhhhh! Hhhhhh!"
Goblin "Gyawh! Gaoh!"
The goblin abandons the race again and thrusts his hips for his own pleasure.
The loud wet sounds from their fucking give the cheers from the crowd a run for their money.
Mel Mel "Faaaaah, ahhhh! It feels so good! Your dick is pumping inside me! Hyaaaaaaah!"
Mel Mel "Cum for me! Cum inside my pussy!"
She screams as she splatters her drool everywhere and starts ramming her ass backward to welcome the goblin's dick.
He gives her a big thrust that lifts Mel Mel's body up in the air.
Mel Mel "Ah, ah... mm, hah, ahh, this! This is what I wanted... Ahhhhhhh...!"
Mel Mel "Faaaaaaaah! Ahyaaaaaaah, so hot!"
The goblin's dick explodes as it gushes hot cum inside her.
She feels the white liquid fill her up, and Mel Mel screams in ecstasy.
Mel Mel "Hhhhhhhhhh, hngh, hngh! I'm cumming from goblin cum!"
Mel Mel's body trembles.
She squeezes his dick with her pussy while edging closer to climaxing herself.
Mel Mel (Ahhhhhh, it feels so good! I don't care about anything else as long as it feels good!)
Mel Mel "Hnnnnnnnnngh!? Ahyaaaaaah, afffffff!"
The goblin pushes his dick up harder into Mel Mel as she orgasms.
His dick is still hard as it embeds itself in Mel Mel's cervical canal.
He whips her harder than before in rhythm with his thrusting.
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhhh! Wow! This! This! More, more! Fuck me more! Ahhhh, my pussy feels so good!"
The goblin takes long strokes, from the entrance of her pussy to her uterus. His hard head burns her vaginal walls as she experiences waves of intense pleasure.
Mel Mel no longer cares they're in front of a crowd. She just wants the goblin's dick.
The race has completely left her mind. Her only thought is to reach another orgasm.
Audience Member A "She's done for."
Audience Member B "I bet on the wrong horse."
She hears the crowd giving up.
She's fallen further behind the other racers, and everybody can see that she doesn't have a chance.
However, none of that registers with Mel Mel.
Mel Mel "Ah, I'm going to cum! My pussy! Ah, ah, ahhhhhhhh!"
Mel Mel's excitement builds, edging her to her limit.
Her pussy is already meltingly hot. She's barely able to keep herself standing.
Mel Mel "Ah, ah, ahhhhhh! Your dick! It's twitching! Ahhh, you're going to cum again? Cum for me! I want your cum!"
Her uterus aches as she can sense he is close to ejaculating.
She wants him to fill her up with that hot cum again.
Mel Mel shakes her ass and squeezes the goblin's dick with her pussy.
Mel Mel "Ahhh, ngh...! I'm going to cum again!"
Mel Mel's pussy reaches its limit as it beckons the goblin deeper.
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhhh! Bshhhh, bshhhhhhhhhh!!")
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! I'm cummiiiiiiiiiiiing! Nghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Mel Mel screams in ecstasy as her womb takes in its second hot load.
She feels a warm numbness in her toes and fingers, and she finds it hard to breathe.
Mel Mel "Nghaaaaaaaaaah! Ahah, haaaaaaah! I'm... I'm!"
Mel Mel's entire body convulses.
Her pussy squeezes the goblin's dick on its own.
There's a waterfall of white cum spilling out of her, and Mel Mel's sweaty body reeks of a thick, male musk.
The goblin sticks his quivering dick deeper to replace whatever she's spilled.
Spllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Hnnnnngh! Ahhhhhhh, you're cumming again! My pussy is all sticky... Ah, ahh... I love cum!"
Mel Mel "I'm cumming! Nghhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhhh! I can't! I can't! I'm cumming!"
Mel Mel forgets everything about the race as she becomes completely intoxicated by the cum.
Mel Mel "Hah... mfff... fah... Not yet..."
Goblin "Grrr, gyah! Wah, gyah!"
The goblin still doesn't stop after fucking Mel Mel to this point.
He isn't humping her for the race anymore. This is for his own enjoyment. He fucks Mel Mel's pussy while making wet, smacking sounds.
Mel Mel doesn't have any energy left after orgasming, and her body sways as she moans while the goblin continues to fuck her.
Mel Mel "Fahn, ahhn... ah, ahah! More... Fuck my pussy more......"
With a hollow smile on her face, she dribbles drool down her face as she begs for more from the goblin.
The goblin accelerates his pace in return.
Mel Mel "Hyah, afuh... aheh... oh... mm, amazing..."
Her mind goes numb as the pleasure builds inside her uterus.
The race, the debt, and her friends, there is none of that left in her brain.
There is only pleasure.
Mel Mel "More... Make me feel good..."
Mel Mel shakes her ass and begs the goblin as if there's nothing else in the world she needed.
............
......
...
#04_mel009
Some time passes...
Cale Gale "General Derek, it is a pleasure as always. Here are our monthly earnings."
Cale Gale is in the knight's guardroom, bowing deeply to Derek as he hands him a full leather pouch.
Derek shakes it to check its weight, and it jingles.
Derek "Your skills as a merchant are well earned. Another month of respectable profit."
Cale Gale "Yes, she's gained even more popularity lately. There are only gold coins inside that bag."
Cale Gale rubs his hands together as he makes his report.
Derek grins without even checking the bag's contents.
Derek "She might actually be able to repay the amount we set her at this rate."
Cale Gale "No, she's taken on some additional debt since then... She may never be able to repay it in her lifetime."
This is all the money Mel Mel has earned.
She has continued to work these past few months without a single break. The money she's earned is leaps ahead of the other slaves, but she still hasn't bought her freedom.
Whenever she saves up a good amount of money, she always asks Cale Gale if there are any opportunities like the Mare Race where she can bet on herself for a big payout.
She'll then bet all her savings on herself and lose, returning her back to square one.
Derek "It's as if she doesn't want to pay off her debt at all."
Cale Gale "As far as I can tell, she's meaning to pay it off. That's why she takes on these risky gambles."
Derek "I don't care as long as she's making money. What is she up to today?"
Cale Gale "She is pleasuring a regular. There aren't many like her who can take on the monster soldiers."
Derek "She always puts the customer first as I recall. Well, she can keep up the good work."
Cale Gale "You are so right."
Derek smiles sardonically, and Cale Gale bows his head.
Mel Mel is someone important to him now.
His goose laying golden eggs.
And Mel Mel would be back at work today as well----")
#04_mel010h_mel07
Mel Mel "Fahn! Ah, mm, hyah!"
Mel Mel's moans echo from a room in the brothel.
She's sandwiched between an ox-headed monster and a horse-headed monster who are fucking her in both of her holes.
Mel Mel "Ah! Ngh! Fah! This! Yes, right there!"
Minotaur "Gmooooooooooooooooo!"
Hippaner "Heeeeeeeeeehn!"
The two monsters laugh cruelly as they mercilessly fuck Mel Mel's tiny asshole and pussy with their massive cocks.
Normally, one would scream in agony if they find themselves being fucked by dicks long enough to pierce their organs.
However, not Mel Mel. She looks perfectly at bliss, squeezing her loins to take in both cocks even deeper.
Mel Mel "Hahn, fah! This is amazing! Two cocks at once! They're rubbing together inside my stomach!"
Mel Mel "More! Please! Fuck my pussy and ass more!"
She feels a burning heat from the two dicks in her rectum and pussy and arches her back.
She doesn't forget to tighten her pussy and asshole at the same time to milk the dicks.
The two monsters cry out in ecstasy at the sudden constriction around their members and fuck Mel Mel even harder.
Mel Mel "Hyaaaaaaaaaah! Agaaaaah, ahhhhhh, hngh, ghoh!"
Mel Mel screams as she receives a strong blow to her pussy and ass.
The ox-headed and horse-headed monsters thrust simultaneously to plow Mel Mel's uterus from her pussy and intestines.
Then they thrust their hips upward to press in on her uterus.
Mel Mel "Foh! Ohoh! More! Mmm hah! Wow! This is so good! I can feel it in my tummy!"
Mel Mel's eyes bulge as she screams with joy at their aggressive fucking.
Her pussy and asshole tighten even more to constrict around the fat cocks.
It's as if her body was demanding to be treated roughly.
The monsters begin to laugh above her head.
Mel Mel "Gyaaaaaaaah! Ahah! Ahhhhhhhh! Nghhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhh!"
The monsters' movements increase in intensity.
They hold down Mel Mel's tiny body to prevent her from escaping while pressuring her uterus with their superhuman dicks.
Mel Mel sees fireworks as her uterus is getting pummeled from the front and back.
Mel Mel "Ohh! Ohhh! It feels so good! My slutty pussy is so wet from my dirty juices!"
Mel Mel "And my ass! My asshole feels so good too! It's making me go stupid!"
Mel Mel whips her hair about and screams as she frantically grabs the giant body in front of her.
The monsters are breathing heavily and fuck Mel Mel with their large, sweaty bodies.
Wrapped inside a beastly male musk, Mel Mel is in heaven.
Her mind goes numb from their manly muscles and pulsating dicks.
Her female instincts kick in as she urges the males with her words.
Mel Mel "Cum! Cum all over me! In my pussy and my asshole! I want your thick jizz! Impregnate me!"
Mel Mel "Please! Ah, I want it so bad! I want to cum from your superhuman cum!"
Minotaur "Bmooooooooooooo! Bfff, mooooooooo!"
Hippaner "Brrrr! Neeeeeeeeigh!"
The monster soldiers howl and fuck Mel Mel's tiny body so hard it feels like she's going to break.
The two dicks swell up, and Mel Mel's pussy and asshole stretch as wide as they've ever been.
Mel Mel "Haaaaaah, aaaaah, hurry! Mfff! Cum! Hyaaah! I want your thick jizz!"
Mel Mel "Cum for me, please! Both of them! I want both of your dicks to cum inside me!"
Mel Mel screams, drenched in sweat. She tightens her whole body and clenches the muscles in her loins.
Just then, the two monsters' dicks pulse.
Spllllrrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhh! Bshhhhh, bshhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Eeeeeeek! So hot! Ahhhhhhh!"
The two monsters howl and unload their cum deep inside Mel Mel's body.
Mel Mel is pushed up by the never-ending fountain of cum and experiences a mind-melting orgasm.
The white, hot cum causes Mel Mel's stomach to bulge.
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhhh! My tummy! You filled my tummy up! Ahah! So much jizz... You're still cumming!"
Mel Mel "More! I want more! I want more of your spunk pumped inside me!"
Mel Mel begs for more cum as she climaxes and tightens her asshole.
The two monsters oblige and twist their hips further to unleash another round.
Splllllrrrrrrrt, bshhhh! Bshhhhh, bshhhh, gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhhh! Yes, more cum! So much spunk! So much spunk is shooting inside me!"
Mel Mel "Ah, I can't! I'm going to cum! Ahhhh, ahhhhh... I'm cumming!"
Mel Mel is pushed up by the never-ending fountain of cum and experiences a mind-melting orgasm.
Mel Mel "Hah... mm, hah... ahhh... So much inside my tummy... It's full... Mmm... hehe..."
The two monster dicks are still inside her as she mumbles in ecstasy.
Her whole body is tingling from the afterglow. She feels bliss.
The only thing she can feel clearly is the heat of the two dicks stuck inside her holes.
Mel Mel gives the monster soldiers a bewitching smile.
Mel Mel "You're going to extend our time together like always, aren't you? I'll give you the works if you do."
Mel Mel speaks sweetly, twists her hips, and clinches her loins.
Her holes are spasming after her big orgasm, but she tightens them to constrict the fat monster cocks inside her.
The monsters look at each other and laugh.
Mel Mel "Faaaaaahn! Hyaaaaaah! T-Thank you! Ah, it feels so good! Your dicks feel so good!"
The ox-headed and horse-headed monsters resume their thrusting.
Their fat, erect dicks scrape out the cum they just unloaded as they fuck her, making loud, wet sounds.
Mel Mel moans in rhythm with their movement.
Mel Mel "Ah! I'm so happy! It feels so good being fucked by dicks... I can't live without dick now!"
She can experience unbelievable pleasure by pleasuring her customers.
Not only that, they even pay her for it.
Of course, the customers leave satisfied as well.
Is there any better business in the world?")
Mel Mel "Yes, I'm so glad I was brought here!"
Mel Mel "Being able to... fah... take so many different dicks every day... Ahhh, you can only do that in the Service Nation!"
Mel Mel doesn't care if this is exactly what Cale Gale and Derek were aiming for.
Her product is herself.
That is the new way of life Mel Mel discovered in this Service Nation.
#04_mis001
Mistiora Aite.
Deadly Beauty.
The Legendary Whore.
Pleasure District Princess.
Dark Harlot...
A pure-blooded dark elf known by many names.
Mistiora is believed to have held the rank of Sacred Priestess in the dark elf homeland of Nidavellir, far to the north.
Long ago, the Isle of Heavens above the clouds fell from the sky after a struggle between two giants, one a man and one a woman.
Their bodies became one, forming a great land that gave rise to countless life.
Such is the old creation myth, passed down for generations in the land of Serenus.
It is believed that the first dark elves were born from the male giant's brain.
A pious people who believe strongly in their myths, the dark elves have prayed since ancient days for the arrival of the giant, the father of all.
Once every thousand years, a dark elf is chosen as the Sacred Priestess and undertakes a certain ritual.
A ritual to harbor the dark elves' father and creator, the male giant, within her womb.
It seems Mistiora had been expected to be chosen and be pregnant with the giant.
Yet right before her selection, she was deemed ineligible. None know the details, though it is thought that she lost the purity she was to offer to her creator.
Unable to carry out the wish of her people, Mistiora was cursed and exiled from her home.
Her curse was to draw men to her, unconsciously.
To proud dark elves who prize purity, the males of the other races are vile beings.
And with a vile curse on her, Mistiora wanders the human world, going from man to man.
Once, a king lost himself to her so deeply that he abdicated his duties, leading to the fall of his kingdom.
Once, a general caused a long-running civil war in an attempt to steal her away from his king.
Once, a string of assassinations broke out in the midst of wealthy merchants, attempting to steal her away from each other.
As time went on, with no mind to her will, a name began to follow Mistiora: The Deadly Beauty.
Luka "And that wraps up the report on Mistiora."
Luka hands Derek the report she has just read.
It details Mistiora's history.
The report draws from a variety of sources. Information from old texts, folklore from across the land, and rumors from towns here and there.
Nicola "I-It was r-really hard to get all this together."
Luka "Indeed. For as famous as she is, few knew if she actually existed. She's like something out of a legend or a storybook."
Derek "Sounds like a tough time."
With a vacant reply to his complaining subordinates, Derek starts to look through the thick report.
Derek "I see, I see. With how talented dark elves are in magic, it's no surprise they'd be able to pull off such a curse."
Derek puts a hand to his chin and chuckles after reading the report of folklore and writings from old tomes that Nicola and Luka put together.
It surprises him that she had been cursed by her own people, but he imagines that is simply the price of violating taboos.
In any case, he now understands Mistiora's curse, and how she came to fall under it.
Now he would be able to make her into a whore of the Service Nation with no worries.
There would be no end to potential customers with her beauty. There is no question in Derek's mind that she will be one of the nation's finest products.
Yet, something stands out. Something strange.
Though she allows men to have her with no resistance, she does not appear to accept them from the heart.
Mistiora hides something beneath her veneer of obedience.
Derek "Well, this makes it interesting."
A wide smile comes over Derek's face.
The same smile as when he faced off against the impregnable fortress.
The fact that Mistiora is hiding something works strongly in Derek's favor.
He will grasp the secret of her heart, using it to crush her and fashion her into a harlot of national treasure caliber.
A whore in mind and body. Mistiora would draw unending lines of men, all with gold coins in hand.
Derek (You'll be a true whore of legend and all for my ambition...)
Derek looks out the window with a grin.
Mistiora "......"
A sky of ash-colored clouds stretches endlessly past the grated window of her room.
Mistiora simply looks up at the sky, wordlessly.
The ashen sky is reflected in her beautiful pupils, pupils that seem to be in lamentation or perhaps simple fatigue.
Countless men have tried and failed to step past Mistiora's boundaries in an attempt to understand what those eyes held.
Meaning that Mistiora has spent countless years without letting anyone truly in.
Yet, can even a proud dark elf live for so many years truly alone?")
The heavy sound of the door unlocking echoes throughout the room, and in comes Derek, smelling of blood and iron.
Mistiora slowly turns to face him.
Mistiora "............"
Her eyes hold their color as she looks at him. Calm and neutral.
They lack the fear, rage, or rebellion that many captured women have. There is no respect or love in them either, of course.
Yet she looks at Derek as if he were the cloudy sky above her tower.
Still, unmoved eyes aside, her appearance overflows with class and allure.
Even without the curse, Mistiora could more than fit the name of the Legendary Whore.
Derek hails her with a cruel smile on his lips.
Derek "You've long serviced the king and the king alone, but that pampered work is over."
Derek "You'll be the king's concubine no longer. As a whore of the Service Nation, you'll be taking on as many clients as you can."
Mistiora "Do you truly think the king is the only man I have been with? You've presented me with a paltry task."
She smiles with something of a challenging confidence beneath her veil.
Acknowledging that, Derek's smile shifts from cruel to amused.
Mistiora "Countless men have tried to make me their own. Some have tried over years. Some kings have tried for a night. Nothing more and nothing less."
Her intent is clear. The clients will be the same as the kings who had her for a night.
Derek nods.
Seeming to read her intent, he chuckles.
Derek "Impressive confidence. Don't think that will get you far in this country, though. Or... perhaps I don't need to say anything. I'm sure you want to say that another king has said precisely what I have, yes?"
Mistiora "......"
Derek smirks, exuding ambition and confidence.
Mistiora finds herself swallowing her words and gazing at Derek, her eyes a touch more open.
She is in the presence of a conqueror. A man who will trample anything or anyone who gets in his way.
Derek "Let me see how genuine that confidence of yours is and if you're truly worthy to become one of our whores. Come with me."
Derek turns around and begins to stride off.
Mistiora "Do as you wish, then."
With a sigh, Mistiora walks after Derek, seeming to glide in her movements.
Her footfalls are light, and her steps are confident, giving off no sense of fear or hesitation.
Mistiora "Hnn...! This scent..."
She stops when she steps into the room and quickly puts a hand over her mouth.
Derek "What's the holdup? Get over here."
Derek smirks devilishly at her reaction.
Mistiora walks over and looks up at him with a look equal parts baffled and impressed.
Mistiora "I'm impressed you've gotten your hands on Artalia incense."
Derek "I'll ready anything the Service Nation needs. That includes you."
Derek puts more incense into the pot.
The incense's edge glints crimson for a moment before letting off thin smoke.
Artalia incense.
The extract taken from Artalia, a flower that blooms far to the north, is said to put elves in heat.
Though orcs and goblins are said to use it to entrap elves, it is one of the more difficult incenses to obtain.
Derek "Recognize it by the scent alone, do you? Looks like you've had it used on you before."
Mistiora "It's been quite some time since it has visited my nostrils. I just may tremble from sheer nostalgia. I thank you for the reunion."
Mistiora gives Derek an alluring smile. It clouds how she truly feels.
Under her composed surface, she is desperately battling the lust bubbling up within her.
Her body, particularly her lower regions, begins to burn with an unignorable heat.
Mistiora's breathing grows slightly labored, shaking the veil covering her mouth.
Her glistening brown skin begins to be dotted by tiny beads of sweat.
She can tell her eyes have moistened.
The Artalia incense is most definitely working on her.
Though she manages to repress her shallow desire for a man, she is unable to fully suppress her body's reaction.
Seeming to pick up on Mistiora's tiny shift, Derek's lips twist into a smile.
Derek "This is where you will be doing business."
Derek "And you did just say you would satisfy any man who came to you, yes?"
Mistiora "I did."
As she answers quietly, droplets of sweat appear on her cheeks.
Derek "I'll be your first client. Satisfy me."
Mistiora "I see. Well, I'll do my best, then."
Mistiora quietly looks up at Derek before bending her knees and kneeling on the floor.
Even that alluring motion has a class to it like a flower rustling in the wind.
Mistiora lowers her gaze, then looks up at Derek again.
On her face is a smile so enticing it would make any man melt.
Then, she reaches out to Derek's pants with her slender hands and draws them open.
#04_mis002h_mis01
Mistiora "Oh... You've quite the impressive package here, a rare size among human men. You must be proud."
Derek "Enough with the flattery. Get started."
Derek pushes his girthy penis against Mistiora's cheek after she praised it in half-mockery.
Mistiora "Nn... kk...!"
The aphrodisiac in the air makes her brown skin shudder.
She immediately regains her composure, however, and plucks at the veil by her mouth.
Mistiora "Patience, now. You needn't rush me. I'll see that you're satisfied right away."
She flips the thin silk veil up and pulls the hot, bulging rod into her mouth.
Mistiora (Ghhk... oh my, this is massive, but nothing I can't...)
The overpowering scent of male virility wafts under her silk veil with attendant heat, drawing a slight furrowing of Mistiora's brow.
Perhaps the racing of her heart is proof that the Artalia incense is doing its work.
She lightly shakes her head at the thought and quietly extends her tongue toward his penis.
Mistiora "Nn... mmm, ah, shllp, mmm... llpp, nnmm..."
She gently brings her tongue up and slides it along the head, tracing its shape.
After lathering the head up with saliva, she purses her tongue and starts to lick along under the head.
Mistiora (It may be big, but I'll have it spill its seed in seconds just like every other man who comes to me.)
Mistiora "Nmm, shllp, shlllp, chp, chpchpchp... nmm, shllp..."
She leans her head forward, slowly licking at the underside of his shaft.
When her tongue reaches under it, she kisses at the base of his cock, then begins licking meticulously at the underside again.
Some would remove the veil to show the movement of their mouths, but Mistiora elects to keep her mouth hidden.
Hiding her tongue and saliva allows her to perform the class men seek in her, and playing with their cocks under her veil gives them more pleasure.
Being unable to see her movements makes every stimulation a surprise and works the imagination, making the man focus his attention on his nether regions.
She changes the angle of her neck, tickling the stiff part at the edge of the head.
Mistiora "Nnm, shllp, chp, chpchp, nnn... mm, shhllp, mm..."
Derek's rod shudders, and its stake-like girth grows even larger.
Mistiora (He is simply a man like any other...)
Mistiora pulls her tongue away and breathes a puff of moist breath onto the shaft.
Mistiora "Nnm... seems you liked that. How about this, then? Nn, mm... shllp, mm..."
She tickles the sensitive hole at the tip with her tongue and gazes up at Derek, gauging his reaction.
She rolls her tongue around the hole, poking at his urethra and moving her tongue over its surface.
Yet, to her surprise, he does not react as she expected. As he looks down at her, he even seems confident.
Mistiora (Though it does not appear that he feels nothing... Is he forcing himself to endure with willpower alone?)
Half the men she has laid with would have climaxed by now.
Something else stands out to her.
Though she has only been running her tongue over his rod, she finds herself strangely aroused. Her nipples and lower regions tingle, and the cock before her seems strangely appealing.
Hot, moist breaths escape from her mouth.
Mistiora (That damned incense... nothing I cannot handle, though. I simply need to make this man finish before it takes hold...)
She reaches out with her tongue and opens her mouth wide, wrapping it around the stiffened head.
Mistiora "Nn... ahh, mm... mmmm... nnn, nnm, mmm!"
As her lips and oral cavity are engorged with the cock, the sweet tingling grows stronger and spreads throughout her body.
The incense threatens to make her seek his penis of her own free will.
With the fear creeping up in her, she increases the intensity of her blowjob, hoping to make him ejaculate before desire overcomes her.
Mistiora "Nnnmm, shllp, chpchp... nnmm, shllp, shllllp..."
She lightly sucks in her mouth, contracting it around the penis and using the back of her lips and oral cavity to coat it in saliva.
With its head covered in a veil of lukewarm saliva and made more sensitive, she meticulously rolls her tongue over it.
Massaged by the soft insides of her mouth, Derek's rod begins to grow hotter.
Mistiora "Nnnm, shllp! Chp, chlpchlp... mm, ahh, I can feel your excitement in my mouth. You're trembling... nn, mm..."
Taking big licks as if she were enjoying some candy, she assails the head with the rough surface of her tongue.
She begins to lightly suck on the trembling rod as she licks it, making a sloppy noise with each bout.
Mistiora "Mm, mm, shlllp, chllp, chpchpchp, chlllp!"
She sucks her lips in and moves her head back and forth, rubbing the underside of the head of his cock with the smooth back of her lips.
Sometimes she loosens her lips, letting her saliva run so she could slurp on the shaft with an obscene, wet sound to bring about arousal.
Mistiora (Nmm... he's begun to tremble. If I keep digging at the tip with my tongue, he won't be able to hang on...)
She slides her tongue onto the hole of his penis, teasing his urethral orifice.
Mistiora (This is it, the hole men expel their seed from... mm, it tastes very slightly of salt... nnmm!)
The precum and salty, sweaty flavor of his meaty rod feel strangely tasty to Mistiora, and she finds herself quivering.
It does not stop at trembling----her nether regions begin to pulsate with heat as if she had swallowed an aphrodisiac. Her untouched nipples and clitoris begin to harden and erect, and they tingle with pain.
Mistiora "Nnnkk...! Nn, mm, shllp, chllp, chpchpchp!"
She sucks her lips in strongly, beginning to fret, and bobs her head back and forth as she violently licks at his tip.
Lewd sounds echo from her flowing saliva, and the sound meant to arouse Derek makes Mistiora's crotch burn instead.
Her wet vagina remembers the sounds of being thrust into and begins to open and close of its own accord, leaking juices.
She shakes her head, attempting to clear her confusion.
Mistiora "Nnn, mm, mmmchp! Shllp, chpchp, shllllp! Nmm, shllp!"
She pushes her tongue into his urethral orifice, trying to get him to climax quickly, yet the taste of his precum and the hint of semen dizzies her mind.
Derek looks down at Mistiora with a cold smirk as beads of sweat appear on her forehead.
Derek "This is what you call a royal blowjob? Average, I suppose."
Mistiora "Nn, mm, shlllp... mmm, mmph, is that, mm, so? It seems your manhood is, shllp, having quite a good time..."
Her veil sticks to her saliva-wetted mouth.
She thought she had kept her calm and held back the tingling of her lower half, but she feels her slit moisten and begin its opening.
She hides it, throwing Derek a confident smile. All that comes back are words of derision.
Derek "Smells like you're pretty wet. Was my dick in your mouth all it took for you to want it in your pussy?"
His gaze is as cold as his cock is hot.
The coldness sends a chill down Mistiora's spine. Not of fear but of something she cannot place.
Derek "I thought you were a master of the bedroom arts, yet here you are on the verge of climax before your guest. How did you survive as a royal concubine? Or perhaps your lust is what drew kings to you?"
She purses her lips in humiliation.
The aphrodisiac has begun to take hold with a strength she cannot resist.
Sweat runs down her bountiful cleavage from either lust or panic.
Mistiora "Your body will find the answer to that question. Nnn, mmm! Shllp! Chp, chhhp!"
She opens wide and takes Derek's manhood all the way to the base, rubbing his cock with her whole mouth down to her throat.
Yet even with all the techniques she learned in the palace, his rod simply grows stiffer, showing no signs of ejaculation.
Mistiora (I will not be able to hold myself back if I keep this thing in my mouth any longer... He must cum now!)
She finds herself covered in sweat.
Her cleavage is drenched, bringing with it an unpleasant sensation.
Her inner thighs are so ripe with wet heat that the slightest fidgeting makes a sound.
Mistiora (I must hurry, lest I lose myself...! He must shoot his seed quickly!)
No longer concerned with keeping up appearances, Mistiora takes the blackened rod deep into her throat.
She pushes her head back and forth, loudly slurping on the cock with every motion.
Mistiora "Nnm, nnmmm, mmmph! Nnnshllp, chp! Chpchp, shlllp!"
Her tongue, cheeks, roof of her mouth----every part of her oral cavity rubs hard against the shaft, making her mouth an artificial vagina in its own right.
She performs feats impossible for a vagina too, sucking it in and slurping back up all of her lukewarm saliva that covers it.
The sloppy sounds from her mouth and passionate breaths coming from her nostrils would arouse and excite any man, but...
Mistiora "Mmmph, shllp, nnmm, chpp, chhhpp, mmmnn!"
Derek "Looks like you're enjoying the taste."
Derek keeps his calm, and his tone mocks her.
Mistiora (You misunderstand! I'm sucking so loudly and breathing so heavily to arouse you! Nothing more!)
Mistiora (I am simply trying to excite your passions and make you spill your seed!)
And yet...
The wet sound she makes by simply slurping the saliva on his cock makes her feel as though her mind is being violated.
And though she simply has a dick in her mouth and her cunt lay untouched, her body feels ravished as though he were running his tongue into her slit.
Mistiora (No, I want it, and not in my mouth... Ah! What in the world am I...? I cannot lose myself to this incense!)
Mistiora (I cannot let myself lose to the Artalia incense! Not again! And yet, I... I...)
Mistiora (Oh, how it disgusts me... that incense has gotten me... Oh, it's gotten my privates so wet...)
By paying attention to the aphrodisiac coursing through her, she gives herself an out. She can blame it on the incense.
The incense has caused her desire. She is blameless.
The density of the incense would have ruined the mind of another dark elf. Even Mistiora has her mental acuity and will dampened.
Heaving breaths like a beast, she devours Derek's cock, drooling all the way.
Mistiora "Nnmm, mmm, shlllp, chllp, shp... nn, mmm, shlllp!"
Though silk covers her mouth, the obscenity of the sounds she makes tells how vigorous her action is.
She thrashes her silver hair as she digs into the cock not simply by bobbing her head any longer but with her entire body undulating in burning desire.
Mistiora (I have to make him cum soon... I'll just lick this thick, powerful cock... and wrap my tongue around it...)
Mistiora (Just keep licking and rubbing at it with the back of my tongue... I feel it pulsating with such heat inside my mouth...)
Her vision fogs up as if surrounded by steam, and the cock under her nose seems impossibly appetizing.
Its masculine reek, the brightness of its veins, the wildly twisted shape... all of it.
Mistiora "Nnmm! Mmph! Chllp, shp, shlllp, chllllp! Nnmmph!"
Derek "Want my cum that badly?"
Losing herself to sucking his cock, Mistiora finds herself on the receiving end of a haughty smirk.
Mistiora "Nnmm, chllp, shhp... I do... I want it... I want your cum!"
The taste of the precum mixed with her saliva sends shivers down her spine as she picks herself up slightly and fidgets her legs.
The light cloth covering her slit is drenched with sweat and fluid, and her lower peak is luridly visible through it.
Derek "Well, your mouth's the only place you're getting it."
Mistiora "Throat or not I want that hot cum of yours inside me...!"
Though her words of provocation are only meant to arouse him----or any man, really----they feel strangely genuine to her.
Mistiora "I want... Ah, I want that seed of yours! Pour your thick cock's juices down my throat!"
The words escape her wet lips of their own will.
Then, as if to prevent any more from leaking out, she scarfs down his rod.
Mistiora "Nnm, shllp, I, mm, I want... that seed. Cum now, mm, chllp!"
Mistiora "Shllp, chlllp, nmm, so good... C-Cum now! What are you waiting for? Hurry..."
Mistiora "Oh, my reason... mm, escapes me... shlllp, and how could it not, before a cock such as... mmm!"
Her fellatio grows more impassioned as her consciousness grows foggier, and desire takes hold.
She rubs her tongue, lips, and inner cheeks against Derek's penis as if she were using his rod to stimulate her mouth.
The tension of his manhood pulsing into her oral cavity and the feeling of serving him with her mouth all melt into pleasure.
Mistiora "Nnn, mmm, ahh, cum, chlllp, shlllp! Mmmnn, mmm! Nmm, mmm!"
The stimulation from her soft tongue and inclined mouth draw out a surge of precum from the tip.
She bobs her head back and forth rapidly, shuddering at the sublime taste of the rod as she brings it into her cramped throat.
Mistiora "Nnnm, mmm! Gghhk, nnmm, chllp, shlllp! Shlllp, chp, chp!"
Though she squirms at the pain of the stiff cock occupying her throat, her saliva makes her lips feel more fastened to his rod, sending waves of pleasure crawling down her spine.
Her wet lips fasten around his cock and powerfully rub at the veins of his shaft as she stimulates its head with rotations of her wet throat.
Mistiora "Nnnn! Nm, nnnkkk, nmm, chllp, mmm, mmnnn!"
Filled with sticky saliva, her throat feels particularly cramped where the shaft is most horizontally thick, and sometimes the head perfectly fills her throat.
Each time it does, she rubs at it with her throat, tears filling her eyes.
Mistiora "Nnm, mmm, mmph! Ghhk, nn, mmm, mmphhh, chllp!"
Derek "It's like you're starving down there. Well, if you want it so badly, I suppose I could oblige."
Mistiora (Ah, at least, I can swallow his seed! The seed spewing like a geyser from his mighty cock, pouring down my throat!)
Mistiora pushes her head down with everything she has, bringing the head of his cock deep into her hot throat.
Mistiora "Nnn, nmm, mmm, shllp! Nnmmph! Chlp, shlp, nnnnmmmm!"
Gshhhhhh! Bshhh, bshhh, bshhhhh!")
Mistiora (H-Here it comes! Ohh, it's coming out like a geyser. It's so hot, so smelly, and so... Mmm, there's so much!)
His penis quivers in her throat and fills it with a torrent of heavy, hot jizz.
Before she can feel the pain of choking, however, an unstoppable joy bubbles up within her. She eagerly slurps down the thick semen.
Mistiora (It's so sticky, so thick, and there's just so much... It feels like it's going to spill out of my mouth!)
Mistiora "Nnchhllp! Shlllp, shllp, chp! Nmm... gllp... chllp!"
The semen continues to slide past her mouth and down her throat, mixing with saliva as it does.
Shaking her veil with labored breaths through her nostrils, Mistiora's expression melts into one of pleasure as she laps up the semen from his stiff rod.
Mistiora "Mm, nn, mm... shlllp, chlp, chpchp!"
With every batch of cum loudly rolling down her throat, her sweat-covered brown skin rustles in pleasure.
Mistiora "Nnn, nnmm, mm, gllp, glp... more, mm, nn...!"
Mistiora "Nnmmm... ah, gllg, gllg, nn... mmph, ah... mmch, shllp..."
The waves of pleasure continue after the eruption ends.
With a look of ecstasy, Mistiora drinks down the cocktail of cum and saliva with enthusiasm.
When all the semen goes down, she continues to loudly suck on his rod, attempting to extract whatever is left.
Mistiora "Nnchllp! Shhllp, nnmm, lllmmm, mmph, gllp, nn...!"
Her wet tongue wraps around the head of his cock, meticulously cleaning off the remnant fluid.
Mistiora "Nn, mmph... ahh, you let out... quite a bit. Well? Satisfied?"
With a feeling of accomplishment, nay, of victory, Mistiora looks up at Derek.
Derek "Indeed, I have to say I enjoyed your technique and seeing you shake your ass so happily as you sucked me off."
His derisive tone comes like a bucket of cold water on her sense of satisfaction.
Mistiora "Tch... Always need to get the last word in, don't you?"
Derek "I simply spoke the truth. There's no doubt in my mind you're ready for customers after seeing how lustful you are."
He smirks and probes her with his eyes.
Derek "I had thought you held onto some hidden trouble, but... perhaps I read wrong."
Mistiora "............"
Mistiora does not answer. She can only glare at him.
Yet in her breast lay a frustration. She's disappointed in herself that she had fallen for his trick.
As well as the thought that a man as sharp as Derek has probably picked up on that frustration.
............
......
...
#04_mis003
Derek "There'll be an auction tomorrow, and you're the prime product. I'm expecting a price befitting of the legendary whore."
Mistiora "......"
Derek makes a one-sided announcement to Mistiora as she stands up, enduring her humiliation.
He takes his leave of the room with heavy footfalls, not waiting on her response.
Mistiora grits her teeth behind her veil.
Even though she had been under the influence of an aphrodisiac, taking pleasure while servicing a human is simply something that should not happen.
The reason being...
............
She relaxes her mouth, consciously bringing her mind back into focus.
She stares at the door and whispers.
Mistiora "Derek Rondo... don't think it'll go like this next time."
Then, the day of the auction comes.
No expense had been spared for advertisement, and the Service Nation is packed with prospective customers even from far-off lands.
Furthermore, the near-legendary princess of the night is finally on sale.
Customers wait eagerly for the event to begin, ready to part with every last penny.
Mistiora "......"
She hears the clamoring of the men beyond the thick walls and shut windows of her room like distant waves.
In contrast, Mistiora's heart is calm as still water.
An auction is about to begin for a single night with her.
It is not the first time she has been bid for with the victor being the stranger to bed her.
When was that? She searches her memories. Ah, it happened in a kingdom that had fallen long, long ago.
Mistiora (This is hardly anything special.)
Mistiora (Little more than the entertainment of the rich who wish to display their wealth. I need only tickle that superiority of theirs and make them feel above all others...)
Ages pass, empires fall, and humans remain as shallow as ever.
As she indulges in memories of the past, Derek arrives.
Derek "You're up. I trust you're ready."
Mistiora lethargically looks up at him.
Her eyes have not a hint of the lust they housed last night.
Derek "There were so many hopefuls it took some time to organize them all. Everyone wants a piece of the legendary whore."
Mistiora "I take little pleasure in how easily that declaration comes to you."
Vowing to herself that she would not fail as she had yesterday, Mistiora repays Derek's announcement with a provocative smile.
Derek simply smirks back at her.
Derek "I like your confidence. I look forward to you giving birth to a new legend today."
He beckons her to follow him and turns around.
Mistiora "Hnn...!?"
When Mistiora takes the stage, the town square erupts in cheers.
The noise is enough to make her ears ache and her skin crawl.
Mistiora (What in the world? There are thousands here... perhaps more than ten thousand, even.)
Mistiora simply stares absently down at the crowd below.
The groups of men form a dark blob covering the square and the roads leading to it.
Every window of every nearby building is packed with people, pushing to get a better view.
She feels like she is in the presence of a town's entire population, or an army of a large nation----such is the crowd.
Her lips quiver with surprise, and Derek gives her an amused look.
Derek "Quite the view, don't you think? Every man is here because they want you."
Mistiora "I-Is that so. Sounds like it was quite the trip for many."
Ten thousand pairs of eyes, overwhelmed with lust, cast their gaze on her and her alone.
So intent are they that they feel tactile like fingers on her skin.
Derek "Let's get started."
Derek strides before the crowd, and the clamor turns into roars of anticipation.
Before Mistiora can take a step back, Derek raises his fist high.
The immense crowd quiets their howling at the sight of him.
Derek rolls his eyes over the crowd as a king would and then bellows.
Derek "I present to you the finest of whores, the princess of harlots, one who has carved her name into legend----Mistiora Aite!"
Derek "Should you wish to taste the body of the beauty who has sunk nations, bring out your gold!"
Egged on by Derek's booming voice, the square is filled with roars again.
Nobleman A "I'll pay any price! I'll even add in land!"
Merchant A "I sold my wife into slavery for this gold! I'll do whatever it takes to buy her!"
Citizen A "Who gives a shit! I sold my daughter off too! Look at how much gold I got for them!"
Other types of shouts mix in.
There are men who clearly had no money but simply wished to get a glimpse of Mistiora gathered among the crowd.
Citizen B "Look at those tits! I just want to squeeze the hell out of them!"
Citizen C "I want to wrap that silver hair around my cock while she rubs me off!"
Mistiora frowns at the scene.
Mistiora (They make no attempt to hide their base lusts... humans. Such a pitiful, vile people.)
For all the ages she has lived through, even Mistiora is surprised to be exposed to the lusts of such a large crowd.
She is used to men expressing their desire away from prying eyes, hidden away in the rooms of the inner palace, letting loose that which they cannot in daily life.
Yet before her are men in public, in crowds, shouting their bestial desires out without a hint of care or shame.
Mistiora has been through many lands and many kingdoms but none with this level of depravity.
Mistiora (So this is the Service Nation, where all desires are accepted and encouraged...)
Mistiora (...and this man is attempting to unify these desires and turn them into his power...)
When she glances at Derek, she happens to catch his stiff eyes looking back at her.
As their eyes meet, he cruelly narrows his.
Derek "Scared?"
She looks away and down at the crowd.
Mistiora "It will take more than this to make me fearful. Have you any idea how long I have lived?"
Mistiora "Yet... why are there so many here? Do they not know how wasteful the effort is? All that is for sale is a single night with me, no?"
Derek lets out a low chuckle at Mistiora's understandable question.
Derek "Hah, nonsense. If that were the case, one wealthy man would drop a handsome sum and end the auction then and there."
Derek "A festival grows more exciting the more take part, and we have to share the pleasure with all our attendees, you see."
The mockery in his tone of voice makes Mistiora furrow her brow.
Mistiora "What are you planning?"
Derek "There's a limit to how much you can make alone, having one man for a night."
Derek "Which is why I've put up parts of your body for auction. Your hands, your legs, your mouth, your ass..."
He looks over every part as he speaks them.
Mistiora does not understand, but a chill runs through her body.
Derek "Every inch of you will fetch a pretty penny, considering who you are."
Mistiora "What do you...?"
Does he truly intend to chop her up and sell her off?")
Derek "See for yourself. The current bidding is for your right hand."
Announcer "Going once, going twice! Sold! Lady Mistiora's right hand goes to the merchant in front!"
Merchant A "Now we're talking! Selling my wife was worth it!"
A portly man lets out a triumphant cheer.
Derek "Heh, looks like your right hand on its own fetched quite the price. It went for what a commoner makes in a year."
Derek "The rich men are likely to bid for your pussy, but the common man can take a bid for your hands or feet."
Mistiora looks back at the crowd in bafflement.
Merchant B "Goddammit! All right, I'm going for the left hand! I'll make her rub me off or die trying!"
Nobleman B "Give me her armpits! The pits! I'll spare no expense for those beautiful armpits of hers!"
Citizen C "Her hair is mine! I'm going to drench it in my seed!"
She is baffled.
To them, the person known as Mistiora may as well not exist.
All they see are parts of a beautiful body.
Mistiora (Do they only see me as an object? As a mere tool to satisfy their lusts?)
The eyes of the crowd burn with virile passion, but it all feels so cold to her.
As cold as blades poised to chop Mistiora into parts to be packaged and sold.
Her slender body quivers in disgust.
How ugly the hearts of man are.
Derek smirks, seeming to read her mind.
Derek "That is simply how valuable you are."
Derek "Now, put that body to work and make our country some coin."
Derek's eyes are colder and crueler than anyone in the crowd's.
#04_mis004h_mis02
The moment the auction ends, the winners swarm around Mistiora's body.
Guest A "This is the hand of the legendary dark elf!"
Guest B "And her hair is unbelievably smooth!"
The men shout as if overwhelmed with heat as they rub their bulging cocks against Mistiora's body.
Mistiora "I-Is it not supposed to be one at a time!? Can you men not calm yourselves!?"
Mistiora's curse of drawing in men and her natural beauty and scent ignite the men's lusts.
Even more, the sums they had paid for her parts----a hand here, her hair there----is far more than any whore bought until now.
The men make no secret of their desires, wanting to make their purchases worthwhile.
As the musk of male odor settles in, she finds her hands made to grip two stiff cocks while her hair is tugged at. She groans in pain.
Mistiora "C-Can you not wait? You need not hurry so, ghhk, I will do what I am to----nnk!"
Even the bottom of her foot has a penis rubbed against it.
With all its nerves the bottom of her foot feels ticklish as the stiff head of a cock rubs against it. It is a disconcerting and unpleasant sensation.
Though she realizes the unpleasantness is from her body being used.
They do not see Mistiora as a woman but as the individual parts they bid for.
The man who forced her right hand around his rod shakes his hips and shouts.
Guest A "Then rub me harder already!"
Mistiora "Nnm... v-very well... you wish for me to grip this girthy member, then?"
She grips her slender hand around his rod, loosely wrapping her long fingers around it.
Her hands are more delicate than anything the men have ever dreamed of touching. They rub at his shaft, sending waves of pleasure through his body.
Her cleanly maintained nails and immaculate fingers tickle the spot between his head and shaft as if to calm his passions, making his hips quake.
Pleasure and arousal immediately overtake his expression.
Mistiora "Nn, mm... you seem to be enjoying yourself, and your manhood seems quite pleased in my p----"
Before she can finish, another man pulls her hair.
Guest B "Hey, how long are you going to keep me waiting!?"
His eyes bulge. They are bloodshot like a beast, and Mistiora finds herself fearful.
Mistiora "W-Wait, one at a time, I... Stop! Do not pull my hair!"
Her hair is tugged at while she attempts to move her left hand, and the man rolls it around his erect cock.
As he begins to rub his rod against her hair, the slight thrusts impart an unpleasantness from her head to her body that she finds difficult to describe.
The man rubbing his glans against the bottom of her foot also begins moving, pushing up into the arch of her foot.
Guest D "Heh, damn, what a foot... What a beautiful foot..."
Mistiora "W-What are you doing to my foot...? Nn, mm... L-Leave the motions to me... I will... ah, nn!"
His stiff head runs between her toes.
The head is wet with precum, and it feels as though it licks her toes. It's a ticklish sensation.
She lets out breaths like laughter, trying to bring her foot away only locks it onto his cock, and he continues to rub under her toes.
Mistiora "Ah...! Nm, w-wait, I will serve you with my feet, just... ahh! Nnn!"
The cock above her head and the ones in her hands begin to puff up, and her hands, feet, and hair become sticky with precum, making a sploshing sound as the cocks move.
While choking at the harsh male scent, she looks up at the men in fear.
Mistiora (What has gotten into these men? Have humans always been known to make such a show of their lust?)
She notices that the men who lost their bids for her have formed a human wall around her to see the show.
She did not know, but those who lost in the bidding have been sold expensive viewing tickets.
Their eyes are base, and she feels as though her skin was being licked.
Mistiora (A-All I should need to do is make them release their seed. That should make them...)
Mistiora "I'll make sure you're all satisfied, so calm yourselves... I am going nowhere. Come, now, how about this...?"
Pushing back her worry, she rubs the rods with her precum-wetted palms, chafing their frenulums with her thin fingers as she does.
She grips the head at her feet with her sticky toes and swivels her ankle around to stimulate it.
She puts her neck at an angle to make her hair easy to pull on at the same time and gently shakes her head to stimulate the cock entangled in her locks.
Guest A "Shit, it feels like my hips are going to give up! Hold me harder!"
Guest B "Move that head more! Make me feel like I'm fucking your hair!"
The demands, however, only escalate further.
Mistiora (Guh... Alas, I will do what I must...)
Mistiora "V-Very well, just... enough with the shouting, I----ahh!?"
As she attempts to meet their demands, a man chomps and sucks hard on her right nipple while a hand snatches her left breast.
The man slurps away on her right nipple as the hand on her left breast gropes at it wildly as if to chart its weight.
Mistiora "Nnm, ahh, n-not all at once... ghk! Cease this, ah!"
She twists her body in pain and surprise, but in the face of the desire of so many, there is little she can do.
The man licking her pointed, pink nipple moans in pleasure.
Guest E "Why, I have never sucked on such a delicious nipple!"
The man on her left breast gropes it hard enough for it to change shape, heaving all the way.
Guest F "It's so damn soft! It's like it's sticking to my hand! How much do you have to be groped to get such horny tits!?"
Mistiora "Ghhk... you're going to crush my breast! Can you not be more gentle...? Nn, ahh!"
Guest B "Quit your jabbering and rub my cock!"
As Mistiora furrows her brow in pain, the man behind her rubs his throbbing cock against her silver hair.
Mistiora (Will they listen to nothing I say? It seems they have all lost themselves to lust...)
The excitement of humiliating one with a crowd animates the men as they move their hips, rubbing their rods against her hair and skin and covering everywhere they touch with precum.
It feels as though their hands and their rods are stitched to her body.
Guest A "Heh, look at that. Her beautiful hands and hair, they're covered with precum."
Guest F "You've been covered in cocks for ages in the inner palace, right? You've gotta be used to this."
The men chuckle amongst themselves as they all but compete to see who can enact the fiercest foreplay.
Her nipple is sandwiched in between one's lips and pulled up as if to show it off.
The man on her left breast scoops it up as if to savor its weight before groping it around in a circular motion.
Mistiora "Mm, ahh, ahh! Ghhk! T-That just hurts... Could you... agh!"
The man does not listen to her objections as he continues to twist at her pink nipple.
Mistiora shrinks back her slender body at the sudden pain, and her accessories clink and whistle.
Guest E "Damn, you must be really into this... look at how stiff your nipple is. There's no way you don't like it."
Guest D "Bet her pussy wants cock now too."
Mistiora feels a dull pain and a strangeness from how blatantly the men are staring at her crotch. A thought floats into her head as she labors out breaths.
Mistiora (How in the world would I take pleasure in this? In any of this? Do they not know how women's bodies work at all...?)
Mistiora (Still, my duty is my duty. I have to pleasure them as much as I can...)
Though baffled at the men's display of bestial passion, she opens her sigh-wetted lips under her veil.
Mistiora "Indeed, your foreplay has gotten me... ah!"
Someone grabs her head before she can finish.
Guest G "I can't hold back any longer! I'm putting it in your mouth!"
The man screams and jams his erect rod into her mouth, violently prying her lips further open.
His thick shaft pushes open her hot, wetted mouth and grinds against her soft inner cheeks and the roof of her mouth.
Mistiora "W-What are you... agh!? Nmmm!? Mmm, mmmph, nnnmmm!"
A sweaty and salty stench immediately overtakes her mouth, making her squirm.
Yet another impact assails her before she can pay her mouth much mind. A sharp pain runs through her lower body.
A girthy cock has pushed open her small anus with no lubricant or preparation, piercing into it.
Mistiora "Nghhh, hghhhh! Ngh, nghhhh, hahhhh! Hahhhhh... hahhh, hahhhhh!"
The veiny cock pushes into her asshole and is wrapped tightly by her sphincter as he powerfully thrusts his hips forth.
She squirms in pain under his violent pushes, but the man mercilessly pushes his long, thick penis deep into her narrow passage.
Mistiora "Nnnkkk, mmm... snn... rnnff...!"
With holes above and below filled with cock, an ugly groan escapes from her beautiful lips.
Mistiora (Guh, how violent these men are! M-My mouth and rear are going to be torn apart! Ghhk!)
The men eagerly thrust their hips back and forth, beginning to violate Mistiora's mouth and ass.
First, they roll their cocks around inside their perspective cavities, expanding what is too narrow and tasting what is tight enough as they violently thrust in.
Guest G "Damn, this was worth all the coin I paid. Her mouth is so wet and perfect... It's like fucking a honey pot!"
Guest H "And her ass takes my cock so perfectly, but her walls're squeezing it for dear life!"
Her asshole stretches out around the thick cock so far that its folds disappear. Her mouth is also pried open so wide by the penis it feels like she will dislocate her jaw.
The men lose themselves in their thrusts, enjoying the tightness of her anus and the wetness of her mouth.
Mistiora (Ghhk... would it kill them to consider me for even a moment...?)
Overwhelmed by the men's bestial passions and pushed onto the ground as she is treated like an object, she finally begins to feel rage.
Mistiora (Look at them, acting so superior! And with cocks hardly worth boasting over----I'll bring them to climax before they know what happened!)
Mistiora starts sucking on the penis plowing in and out of her mouth, pushing her silky inner cheeks against it.
She then moves her mouth as if gurgling the cock with the insides of her mouth as she pushes against his frenulum with her long tongue.
Mistiora "Mmmchp, shllp, chpchp, shlp, shlllp! Chp, chp, chhp!"
As she focuses on the cock in her mouth, she clenches her ass around the dick inside it and slightly wobbles her legs, using the soft walls of her sphincter to massage the shaft.
Mistiora (Nn, mm... how does that feel? Come now, spill your seed in my sweltering anus...!)
The men fucking her holes cry out in joy through breaking voices.
Mistiora (See, what did I tell you? Listen to yourselves! And after acting like you owned me----you could not even last.)
Right before she can finish them off, loud bellows assail her from either side.
Guest A "Quit focusing on your holes and get your hand moving on my dick!"
Guest D "Y-Your foot too! I-I paid good money!"
Mistiora (These fools! Do they not know how to wait? Does their hunger know no bounds?)
She quickly moves her sticky hands and foot, but being so rushed hamstrings her technique and her fingers slip.
Worse, the man she pleasures with her foot ignores her motions and rubs his frenulum between her toes.
Mistiora "Ghhk... nn, nmm, shllp... mm! Nn, nn, nmm! Mmmm!?"
Her nipple is suddenly bitten, and she lightly twists back in pain.
The man laughs as he bites her nipple and then shakes his head from left to right.
Mistiora (Cease this, all of you! How am I to focus on pleasuring you when you pain me so!?)
Mistiora "Ahh, nnm! Ghhk, gllk! Nnm, mmchllp, ghhk!"
She cannot object with the rod in her mouth----all that comes out is saliva, instead.
Her beautiful face reddens with pain, and the men cheer at the sight.
Guest G "Haha, look at her! She's all red and into it! All right, eat more of my cock! C'mon!"
Guest F "I'll tease her tit some more too!"
Mistiora "Nnmm!? Ghhk, bff, c-cease... ahh! Nmmm, mmm! Nmmmgh!"
Her left breast is grabbed with crushing force and groped with reckless abandon.
Mistiora's eyes water from the pain----one would milk a cow more delicately. She breaks out in a sweat.
Mistiora "Nnnmm, ghh, ah, ahhmmm! Nmm, get off... ahhh!"
Guest B "Hey, don't move like that! Your hair'll slide off me!"
Guest G "Don't move your mouth from my cock!"
Mistiora "Nnmm!? Ghhk!? Nm, ahh!"
Her hair is violently pulled back, jutting her chin up.
With every pained shudder, her precum-wetted hair wraps tighter around the rod, pleasuring it with a perfect vibration.
Unwilling to release such erotic hair, the man pulls on the silver strands so hard they're nearly plucked out.
Mistiora (C-Cease this! Who do you think I am!? My hair is drenched in this foul human's vile fluids... urgh!)
The men pumping into her ass and mouth get ahead of themselves, thrusting their hips with force enough to see who can be faster.
The merciless thrusts spill saliva and precum onto her veil, and her anus begins to sear with heat.
Mistiora "Nnmm! Nn, ghhk, ahh! Nnm, mm, gllrk! Gwah... chllp, shlllp!"
Guest H "Look, her pussy's all wet! Is she seriously enjoying being raped so!?"
The man thrusting into her ass points at her slit.
The normally hidden pink folds are wide open with the blood rushing into them. They leak clear honey from their center.
Guest E "The woman who's had cocks in the inner palace for hundreds of years is truly cut from a different cloth!"
Mistiora (Who would enjoy this? Any of this? This is simply a reaction of the body!)
Her vagina likely has a simple biological reaction from the vibration of the penis in her ass.
The men, however, begin to cheer, each arguing that it is he who made the legendary whore wet.
As she squirms with tears in her eyes with how difficult it is to breathe, a man steps before her.
Guest I "Then it is about time for me to finish her off."
The man who spent the highest sum on her, the one who won the bid for her vagina, brandishes his girthy penis before thrusting it in.
Ghhhhhhllllch! Shllp! Shhrk, shhlllp!")
Mistiora "Nnm, ghhk! Ah, aghk, guh!"
His stiff head opens up her frilly folds, leading the way for the rest of his thick cock to drag itself deeper into her.
Mistiora squirms back from the pain and pressure of having her vagina and anus pumped into at the same time.
Mistiora (M-My insides... my insides are full with his cock! The two are rubbing against each other inside me...!)
Her lips twitch in pain around the cock deep in her mouth as saliva seeps through them.
Her stretched-cunt twitches in turn, flowing with her vaginal juices.
Guest I "Looks like your pussy feels the best! Here, take more!"
Looking down at Mistiora as she squirms in pain, the man begins to violently and loudly thrust into her, asserting dominance over her small hole.
Shlp! Shhlp! Zcch! Zlllch! Shlp shlp, shlllp! Shhwp!")
Mistiora (S-Stop moving! Stop pushing! Ahh, I hate this feeling... This feeling of being pried open...!)
Every time the large, wide-headed penis opens her hole in a showy fashion before punching back into it, it goes in all the way to the base with a loud scraping sound before pulling back for another thrust.
As the other man's built waist and large balls smack loudly against her round butt, Mistiora squirms helplessly, letting out low moans.
Mistiora "Nnnm! Nmm, ghhk, nmm, nmmchlp, chllp!"
Guest I "Hahaha! This pussy is so tight around my dick! Do you want it that badly!?"
Mistiora's hot, wet pussy massages the cock inside of her against her will, writhing all over it.
The sticky fluids flowing from her core stick the rod to her vaginal passage, giving the man a pleasure unlike anything he has ever experienced before.
Guest I "Your pussy's amazing. It's like I'm sticking my cock into a tentacle! I'm getting my money's worth!"
Mistiora (I-I take no pleasure in this! Listen to me! Ahh, he's pushing against my clitoris, ahhh!)
Guest G "I told you to quit slacking off!"
The man using her mouth swings his hips wildly, pushing his dick far further down her throat than any normal whore would be able to handle.
Mistiora (Nnnmmm!? C-Cease this, not all the way into my throat! Ghhhk, I cannot breathe!)
Mistiora reels back from pain, but the man pays her no mind as he pushes the head of his dick into her narrow throat, trying to gain pleasure from rubbing against her walls in search of pleasure.
Mistiora "Gah, agh, gghhkk! Oohnn, nnnmm! Ghheh, chlp, gahhk!"
Her palate, her tonsils, and all of the parts of her mouth that she uses to eat and breathe are reduced to implements for rubbing and pleasuring his cock.
Mistiora's slender body trembles in pain as she feels on the verge of suffocation from the saliva flowing down her throat and the thick dick filling it.
Guest H "Feel it in your asshole too, you slutty elf!"
The man working her asshole makes rapid thrusts of his hips with his penis already deep inside her, starting to grind at her core.
Mistiora "Nnnnnn!? Nnk, mmnn, ah, I-I... geh, gahh...!"
Her anus is stretched out to near bursting by his stiff base, and her insides are forced open just as much, filling her with frictive heat.
The thrusts coax out dull white intestinal juices, but these only lubricate his passage and do little to assuage the pain of the impact.
Mistiora "Hnn...! Hnn...! Nnnmm, my ass... mmmn! Shhz, nn, mm!"
Violent shocks strike her womb from both her pussy and asshole, and Mistiora's eyes shoot open from both the pressure and the alien sensation.
A moment later, a pleasure strong enough to be violent surges from her nether regions throughout her body.
Mistiora (Ahh!? Ahh, my womb, it's being pushed up on, and pleasure is... ahhh!)
She desperately tries to resist the pleasure but is unable to stop her own biology, and juices shoot from her cunt like a geyser.
The sight of Mistiora being powerlessly plowed by a storm of cocks, having her mouth, pussy, and ass worked as saliva, pussy juice, and intestinal fluids dripping from her sends the other men into a frenzy of arousal.
Guest E "Blast, if only I had won the bid on a hole...! Let me at least pleasure the lady of legend with her chest!"
Guest D "Heheh, her feet twitch every time they get deep in her... They're so wet with sweat... This is the best foot I've ever..."
Mistiora "Nnmm! Ah, ahh... nnm! Mmmm! Gghk, mmchllp, shllp!"
She finds herself powerless. When she tries desperately to breathe through her sealed mouth, all that comes in is a dizzying, male stench.
Whenever her consciousness verges on fading from pain and oxygen deprivation, some sort of stimulation in her body jolts her back awake.
The stimulations coming at her randomly make her feel that the men's hands and cocks are crawling all over her body.
Mistiora (I cannot believe they would go... this far! I had underestimated human lust... No, it was Derek I had underestimated!)
In her blurry consciousness, she hears the disappointed voices of the men watching from behind.
Guest J "Damn it all, I should have brought more money!"
Guest K "Let me at least blast my cum on her!"
The men are unable to keep themselves merely watching on the sidelines and begin to rub their cocks.
Guest I "Heh, perfect for losers like you! Watch and rub, suckers!"
The winning bidders begin to thrust harder and more dramatically as if to make a show for the audience.
The men working her pussy and ass sync their thrusts up, enjoying the sight of Mistiora's bountiful body bobbing and trembling.
Mistiora "Nnmm, ugghhh! Nnm, gghh, ahh, nnmmchllp, shllp!"
The man fucking her mouth pushes his cock deep down her throat, showing the crowd how her throat balloons in size as she chokes.
The man on her nipple pulls it hard until it turns red, and the man on her sweaty left tit gropes it violently for his fingers to sink into her flesh.
The men on her hands and feet continue to move erratically, covering her brown skin with precum and smegma.
Mistiora (M-My body is covered with hands and cocks... Their juices are covering my body, sticking everywhere...!)
Mistiora (How could this be...? How could I be consumed by men's lusts so?)
Mistiora can do nothing. She and her body are reduced to a tool for the men's ejaculations.
Preparing for the moment, the penises finally begin to swell with heat, letting precum flow.
Mistiora "Hnn...! Ghhk! Nnm, mm! Oogh, mmn, chlp, mmch, nmm!"
Mistiora "Nnm, gchhk, mm, oo, nnmm, mm, ahh, nmmmm!"
Guest I "Here it comes! You're taking all our cum!"
With that call, the men all thrust their penises forward.
The cocks are erect as can be. They tremble and fire jets of semen toward Mistiora.
Spllllrrrrrt, bshhhhh! Bshhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhh, bshhhhhhh!! Bshhhhhhh...!")
Mistiora "Nnnnnnn! Nmm, mmmn, gghhkk! Nmm, mmm!"
The semen is so hot it steams. It pours all over Mistiora, coloring her brown skin a milky white.
The white tides fill her mouth, pussy, and ass as well, of course.
Mistiora (Ahhh... their rods are throbbing inside me... spewing their sticky semen all into me...!)
Her tight pussy quickly fills with cum, and the rest pours backward, leaking from where their genitalia connect.
With no choice but to swallow the semen poured into her throat, she forces the cum in her mouth down as she sweats.
Mistiora "Nn, mm... gllp, glllp, mmm.... nnmm, ghhkk, nmm...!"
The cum she can't drink seems like it will pour out, but with the thick cock sealing her mouth, she has no choice but to swallow the rest down through tears.
A few moments later, the men in the audience ejaculate as they watch her.
Splllllrrrrt, bshhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhh... bshhhh, bshhhhhhh!!")
Mistiora (Ghhk, how many men have shot their seed on me? My body is being made a pot for their cum!)
The steaming white seed covers Mistiora's body----her hair, her long eyelashes, and everywhere else.
As she desperately swallows it down, trying to avoid drowning in cum and cock, the men continue to rub their dicks to fire off every last drop on her.
Spllllrrrrrt, bshhhh! Bshhhhhhh...! Bshhh, bshhhhhh...!")
Mistiora "Ghh... nnmmmm!? Nmm, chllp, shllp, chpchp, chhhp!"
Their ejaculations do not let up. More semen shoots onto her already drenched and dripping face and hair, then all over her breast and thighs.
As the scent and steam of the cum fill the area, Mistiora continues to desperately swallow it down.
Mistiora "Nnmm, haah, haah... nnmm, chllp... chllp!"
Guest I "Phew... now that's what I call a hole."
Guest D "Heh... the feeling of this cum-stained hair is great too."
The men linger around after their ejaculations, pushing their cocks on her as they enjoy the aftershocks of the orgasm.
Though the men act as selfishly as ever, their pace has slowed, allowing Mistiora to react.
Mistiora "Chllp, shhhp, nm... lllk, sllrp, sllrp, nnm... ahh..."
She lightly wraps her tongue around the dick making its way into her mouth and flexes and relaxes her inner thighs to stimulate the rods in her other holes, all while she moves her head and limbs.
Mistiora "Nnnmm, mwah, chllp, mmm... llk, llk, sllrp, nnn...!"
Semen drips down her face, body, and holes as she services the men.
She is covered in the seed of dozens of men and feels like the smell will be on her for days.
Mistiora (So... this is the Service Nation, huh...?)
It is, indeed, far different from any land she has ever been in.
She quietly steels herself for what is to come as she swallows down the cum on her tongue.
............
......
...
#04_mis005
The next night...
Mistiora lies in her room, alone.
Her body is heavy from use, and her joints and holes still ache.
No matter how much she washes her hair and skin, the stench of semen still remains.
Mistiora "............"
Memories of the auction intrude into her mind.
It all comes back. The crowds of men thrall to their desire, the countless leering eyes making her skin crawl...
Even to Mistiora, who had been through many countries and sought by many men, it had been a first.
Mistiora (They were out of their minds...)
Mistiora (Am I... afraid? Am I shaken by the likes of mere humans... of the peasants of the Service Nation? Me?)
Derek "What are you muttering about?"
Mistiora's eyes go wide, and she turns around at the sudden voice.
There Derek stands, hanging by the door with a cold smile.
Derek "Whining already?"
It seems she had not been aware of her audible murmurs.
Mistiora slowly puts a smile on her face.
Mistiora "From that? Nonsense. Nothing I haven't been through before."
Mistiora tells herself she cannot show weakness to him, not in the slightest. She takes a deep breath, quiet so that he does not notice, and tries to calm herself down.
Derek approaches Mistiora, drawing close.
Derek "The auctions have never seen numbers like those. Your reputation as a nation-sinking beauty really did some heavy lifting."
Mistiora "I make no show of it, but I do know what I am worth."
Mistiora shoots Derek a provoking smile, and Derek gives her an appraising look.
The dark elf consciously deepens her smile as she looks up at Derek.
Mistiora "Well? How about testing me and seeing that worth for yourself?"
Derek "No need to be so scared. I'm just here for a bit of small talk."
Mistiora "Hold your tongue----what gives you the impression that I am----"
Derek "Tell me, why do you let human men lay with you?"
Mistiora shoots back without letting her smile fade, but Derek interrupts her.
She blinks, not having expected such a question.
Mistiora "What... are you speaking of?"
Mistiora puts on a confused face.
Yet, Derek's smile tells her she cannot lie her way out of this one.
Derek "I've looked into you. You were the dark elves' Sacred Priestess, yet you were cursed and cast out of your homeland."
Mistiora "Ah... You have done well to look into a tale that happened so far before your birth. I tip my veil to you."
Not letting an inch of her shakenness show, Mistiora smiles half impressed and half baffled.
Derek simply continues.
Derek "One thing stands out, though."
Derek "Dark elves are a proud people. Proud and elusive. I hear they'd be loathed to even speak to a human."
Derek "Yet what of you? You've been in humans' thrall for centuries, taking their seed without so much of a hint of resistance."
Derek "A dark elf locked away in the inner palace and reduced to a mere concubine? I'd imagine the humiliation so great you would rather choose suicide."
An unconscious smile comes over Mistiora's lips.
It is the smile she wields when facing an enemy.
Derek "Perhaps you have some sort of hope to you, or perhaps there is another reason, but I must ask: Why do you keep choosing the path of letting men have their way with you?"
Mistiora "I have no reason worth speaking of. And even if I did, what would that have to do with you?"
Her mouth curls into an alluring smile as she asks.
She reaches her hand to Derek's chest as if to tell him not to worry his head with such trifles.
Mistiora "I will lay with countless men and make you the coin you desire just as you wish. Anyone you send me, I will satisfy."
Derek "Ah, I... see."
Derek rubs his chin with a smile.
Skepticism is written on his face.
Derek "I thought I had taught you well enough that that empty confidence of yours will get you nowhere in the Service Nation, but you seem to be in need of more of a lesson."
Mistiora "......"
Derek "All right, then. You'll learn----with that body of yours."
With a chilling smile, Derek tells her to follow as he turns for the door.
But before he puts his hand on the knob, he turns to Mistiora.
Derek "Come to think of it, this might be of interest to you. Did you know there was a dark elf whore here when the nation was founded?"
Mistiora's shoulders twitch.
Giving the silent dark elf a glance, Derek continues with a smile.
Derek "She had reached the greatest heights of harlotry, yet foolishly stood against Mercenary King Vult. That earned her a life at the very bottom, living as the most meager of sex slaves."
Derek "And I trust that will not happen to you."
Mistiora pauses for a moment, then puts on an alluring smile once again.
Mistiora "Was it not you who said my beauty could bring kingdoms to their knees?"
Derek "I'll trust that your confidence is warranted."
He then opens the door and leaves the room.
Mistiora follows him, and her vision drifts upward on impulse.
A familiar face conjures itself into view.
Mistiora (Oh, Olga... my sister...)
She shakes her head a little, pushing away her lamentations, and she follows Derek.
Then, a few days later...
Mistiora "What in the world is this?"
Mistiora furrows her brow in consternation the moment she steps into the party Derek has dragged her to.
As far as the eye can see, well-dressed men are being tended to by half-nude, beautiful women.
Their garb is far more obscene than if they were fully unclothed, and it reveals who they are: The Service Nation's highest class of slaves.
The women service the upper crust of the kingdoms and nations that the Service Nation deals with. Their royalty, their nobles, and their top military personnel.
The men lose themselves in pleasures of the flesh with bottles of wine in their hands and filthy smiles on their faces.
Mistiora (I suppose it would be foolish to imagine the parties in this land to be simple gatherings with food and drink...)
Though she had expected it, the sight before her is still as ugly as can be.
A man takes notice of Mistiora and points at her while a woman sucks his dick.
The man next to him plowing into a woman on all fours from behind gives her a lustful look as well.
Then, two men fucking a woman's mouth and anus start to whisper to each other with uncouth smiles.
Mistiora (Pitiable to fall for one's lusts so...)
Mistiora still maintains her smile.
Yet within, she feels nothing but disdain for them.
Derek "Since the room's been warmed up, it's about time for the main attraction to take the stage."
Mistiora turns back to the source of the mocking words to see Derek's massive frame.
Derek "The men here are our important guests, and you're to show them a good time. Should be easy for you, yes?"
This spurs Mistiora to take a look at the room.
She notices that everyone present is looking at her.
Mistiora "Ah... Very well. Who, then, am I to begin with? Or am I to have a crowd as in the auction?"
Derek does not answer Mistiora's challenge. He simply twists his mouth into a smile.
She furrows her brow, an unsettling feeling creeping up on her.
Mistiora "Just... what do you intend to make me do?"
Derek "I said you're to show them a good time, didn't I?"
When Derek raises his hand to give the signal, soldiers pour out of the shadows and surround her.
#04_mis006h_mis03
Announcer "And now, the moment you've all been waiting for! It's time for the night's main event!"
The host's voice rings through the darkened room, and when it does, lights hit the stage.
Mistiora "............"
Illuminated under the stage lights is Mistiora, her limbs bound and her costume torn.
She has a bar gag forced into her mouth, but this only brings out her obscene beauty further.
The bells attached to her nipples, one imagines, are so that the guests in the back can hear her squirm.
What is most obscene, however, is what lay under her open legs, knees bent: A large dildo, fashioned after a penis.
It has been advertised as a magic item powered by mana, but it is little surprise that it would take such a shape in the Service Nation.
Announcer "Feast your eyes upon the night's prize! None other than the Legendary Whore, Lady Mistiora herself!"
Spectators  "Yeahhhhh!"
The crowd erupts into cheers.
Heat overtakes the expressions of all, and their eyes gaze at Mistiora with a bestial passion.
In contrast, Mistiora's eyes are as cold as can be.
Mistiora (Can the people who deal with this land think of nothing else? Do they never stop with these hideous ideas?)
Ignoring Mistiora's utter derision, the host bellows with a dramatic motion.
Announcer "Now then, let me explain the details of tonight's gamble!"
The host gestures to the device that houses the large dildo under Mistiora's crotch.
Announcer "Now, this fine device attached to the stage, boasting a girth I'm sure rivals all of yours, is a magic item made solely for ravishing women!"
Announcer "It's going to tear into Lady Mistiora's pussy, and you are going to bet on how many times she orgasms within the allotted time!"
Announcer "To whoever guesses correctly, the ultimate prize awaits----a night with the Legendary Whore, where she will tend to your every desire!"
Spectators  "Ohhhhhhhhh!"
An even greater cheer shakes the room, making her want to cover her ears.
Mistiora (Can this man fall any lower? Is decency a foreign concept to him?)
She imagines that this little game of his allows a greater crowd to enjoy her indecent display, bringing in more coin.
With pained eyes, Mistiora glares at Derek in front of the stage.
Mistiora "Nn... khh..."
Unable to shoot him a barb with the bar in her mouth, saliva begins to flow down her lips, rolling down and off her chin.
The humiliation of being seen in such disarray irks Mistiora further.
Derek smirks at her as if mockingly encouraging her to do her best.
Mistiora (Do not think I will do as you wish me to so easily.)
Mistiora steels herself inside.
Announcer "Now then, let the show begin! Switch, on!"
The host's voice comes as a surprise, and Mistiora's eyes go wide.
Grrrrhhhhh! Zhhhhlllp!")
In the next moment, the dildo shoots up and thrusts into Mistiora's vagina.
Mistiora "Nnnmm!? Nnnmmmmmk!"
Mistiora bends backward in surprise.
The bells hanging from her nipples ring, and the host eggs her on with a smug look.
Announcer "Oh, are we going to see an orgasm already!?"
Mistiora "Nnnmm... mmmkk... fff, nnn!"
Mistiora holds her breath and lets the shock pass through her.
However, right when she thinks the dildo grinding against her vaginal walls has roughly pulled itself out, it thrusts itself in without giving her even a moment to breathe, drilling into her passage.
Shlllllp! Glkkkk! Shllllp! Shlllllp!")
Mistiora (S-Such force, s-such girth! I had not expected it... ahh, ahhhh!)
Mistiora squirms and thrashes her hair with every thrust, at the mercy of the vibrations and alien sensations below her.
The device thrusts in and out of her at a set speed with violent, rapid motions that no human can mimic.
Mistiora "Nnn, mmm, urgghhh, nn, nnn!"
The rough, inorganic thrusts tear into Mistiora's cunt.
The heat from the friction and the audience's indecent gazes implant a strange sensation in her body, against her will.
Mistiora "Ghhkk, nn, mm... urgh, urk... nn, nnn!"
At first, it felt strange like a foreign object being inserted into her. The thrusting dildo gradually picks up heat, and Mistiora's lower half begins to throb.
Her breaths grow labored and more saliva drips from her gagged mouth, giving her red lips a more alluring sheen.
Her bell-bound nipples grow out and erect. The men gaze at her crotch, where her clitoris stands visible and erect.
Mistiora "Nnn, nnn... mm, ghhkk, nnn...!"
The crowd begins to jeer for it to start already.
But to Mistiora, being turned into a humiliating show and forced to orgasm by a machine is an insult she cannot abide by.
Mistiora desperately holds back against the pleasure wafting up from below as well as the pain and friction. She glares at the crowd.
Mistiora (Do you think I would deign to give you the show you wanted to see? To simply... do as you desire!?)
The machine continues pumping on, thrusting from the entrance to her vagina all the way to her core.
While the dildo is large, girthy, and rough, its movements are simple. Predictable. That predictability gives her the means to resist.
Mistiora pays Derek a glance.
Mistiora (Derek Rondo, you underestimate me. I'll bring this facade to an end!)
However, right as Mistiora clenches her crotch in an attempt to hold back the dildo with her vaginal pressure...
Ghhllk! Zlllk! Ghkghk! Shlp zhlp zhllllp!")
Mistiora "Nnnmmmm! Ghhhhuhh, nnnmmm!"
An impact hits her like she's been struck in the stomach, and she thrashes upward.
The dildo has launched itself into Mistiora's deepest core, thrusting up and shaking her womb.
Mistiora (I-I'm trembling, I... oh, creation, it has such force, I... Gahhh, nnn, I must... Ahh, ahh, I can no longer...!)
Mistiora "Gghhk, nnmm, bbbhhhh, ggghh, nnmnm, fffrrrr, nnnmmmm!"
Her taut body trembles, and the bells attached to her fully erect nipples ring out in a cacophony.
Her pussy twitches under pressure from the dildo inside, making a show of how cramped and tight it is inside.
Announcer "Now we're talking! That's our first orgasm of the night!"
Mistiora "Ghhk... hahh, phew... nnmm, mm...!"
Mistiora's face goes red as she has difficulty breathing through the gag, and all she can do is wait for the sensation of the orgasm to pass.
As she squirms, the host points to the device with a wide arc.
Announcer "Oh, and I forgot to mention, the dildo gets stronger and faster each time a certain amount of time passes!"
Announcer "The Legendary Whore has devoured the cocks of countless heroes, so we need a real monster like this to satisfy her!"
The room fills with crude laughter, and that surprisingly allows Mistiora to regain her composure.
Mistiora (I will not allow myself to be bent to their will...! I can endure... I will endure...!)
Yet the dildo continues its merciless pace. Though her pussy is stiff from cumming, the thick dildo pries it open and continues to thrust into her cervix.
The sensations are far too strong for her now-sensitive flesh as the dildo strikes her portio again and again. No matter how much she tries to resist the pleasure, she cannot help but squirm.
She can do little to hold back her fluids, either. Sweat drips down her body, saliva rolls off her chin, and juices leak from her slit.
Mistiora "Nghhhh... khhhh, hahhh, hghhh... uh, ghhhh...! Hahhhh... nghhh, khhh!"
Mistiora fights back against the pleasure. Her face is red, trembling, and covered in sweat and saliva. The crowd mercilessly mocks her for it.
Audience Member A "She's going to be cumming buckets at this rate! I suppose you can't win the name of Legendary Whore without being this lustful!"
Audience Member B "Don't tell me you've lost out to pleasure already! Come on, I had money riding on you!"
Mistiora (Hnn! 'Slutting out'?! I take no pleasure in this!)
Though she wishes to object, having her core drilled into flushes her body with such a heat that she can hardly make a convincing case.
Her juices flow out without end, wetting the dildo and making its passage smoother. Its girth causes it to stick to her walls more solidly, giving her dizzying amounts of pleasure.
In a gale of pleasure that would keep an average whore in a storm of orgasms, Mistiora shakes her head and reclaims herself.
Mistiora (Hold it in Mistiora... I cannot let myself... Ghhk, I cannot orgasm again... I do not wish to... I must hold on...!)
Right then, the dildo deep inside her shoots up further and begins to twist.
Mistiora "Ghhk! Gahh! Urgghhhh!?"
It nearly crushes her womb, which is already melting from the passionate heat, and Mistiora's eyes shoot open as it grinds against her.
The impact makes her consciousness blank out for a moment, and though she nears orgasm, she manages to bring herself back from the brink.
The endeavor leaves her body trembling, her sweat-drenched skin gives rise to goosebumps, and her vagina and clitoris writhe. It is clear that she is on the precipice of another orgasm.
Announcer "Looks like it's started to twist in her pussy! Can our heroine hold out and resist another orgasm, or will she fall to temptation!?"
Mistiora (W-Who would cum from such a thing? Gghhk, urgh... I-It's like it's tearing my insides apart... ahh, ahhh!)
Yet no matter how much she endures, the magic item keeps whirring and thrusting along, grinding away at her stamina and willpower.
The dildo twists nearly hard enough to pry her cervix open, and the base rubs rapidly against the shallower, sensitive parts of her vagina, sending shockwaves of pleasure through her.
Mistiora "Aghh...! Argh... guh...! Hrld... dwnn... ghhh...!"
Juices drip from her slit and splash underneath when they hit the spinning dildo.
The crowd jeers as her fluids rain on them.
Audience Member C "Looks like she's going to cum again! Go ahead, blast off, you know you want to!"
Audience Member D "Don't cum so easily! C'mon, put in some more effort!"
Mistiora (I don't want to cum! I don't want to----! I... ahh, I will not cum! I swear it!)
The jeers of the crowd and her own thoughts focus her mind on the idea of cumming, making the feeling of her impending orgasm harder to distract herself from.
To make matters worse, the host puts on a big grin and speaks to her.
Announcer "I thought that twisting pussy attack would make you cum again, but it looks like you're hanging in there! Please a word about how you're feeling."
Announcer "Ah, I forgot about the gag. You're about at your limit, right? Your pussy's flooding, and your knees are wobbling. We can all tell!"
Mistiora (S-Silence, you! Enough with your taunts! And I'm not about to cum. I'm far from... Gahh, I feel a heat running down my back...!)
White light floods her foggy vision time and time again, and the signs of orgasm run up her spine again and again, blasting through her erect nipples, her stiff clitoris, and even her fingers and toes.
She no longer has the energy to glare at the audience or the host. Realizing she is being pushed to the brink, all she can do is focus as hard as she can on not climaxing on pride alone.
Mistiora (Ahh, it's so hot... Ghhk, it's almost here... No, I have to... I have to hold on...! I cannot let it take me...!)
Yet as if to mock her pride, the dildo twisting in her pussy powerfully vibrates as it starts to thrust up and down.
Mistiora "Gghhhhk?! Nnnmmmm?! Ggghhhkk, guh, urgghh, ahhhh!"
Screaming through the gag, Mistiora leans back wide and climaxes.
Her vagina contracts hard around the thick dildo inside it, and steaming juices and ejaculate splatter out of her in every direction.
Her spine and beautiful, bound legs contract and leap before shuddering in the midst of pleasure.
The crowd erupts in cheers at the sight of the miserable orgasm of the legendary beauty.
Announcer "And that's her second orgasm! Will she keep on cumming or will she bunker down? Let's watch and see!"
The fluid-drenched dildo continues, prying open her pussy as it contracts from the orgasm and begins to crush her lowered cervix.
The orgasm she worked so hard to resist comes at her fiercely as though she has been struck by lightning. White flashes before her eyes, and she loses consciousness for a moment.
Being knocked unconscious even briefly loosens her internal resistance, and the dildo pummels immense stimulation into her sensitive, post-orgasm flesh. It is all the worse because she cannot brace for it.
Mistiora "Ggghhhk! Nnm, nmm, mmmkkk! Mmmn, ccchhkkk!"
Announcer "And there's the third time! And wouldn't you know it, she sprayed again! Does she have more in her!? Just look at those legs! They're drenched in her own cum, and her pussy's still twitching!"
Mistiora "Nnnmm, nnn...! Nnnn! Mmm, urrrr, bleh!? Nnmmmm!"
Announcer "Hang in there! Just hang in there! Oh, there she goes again... the fourth orgasm! Are we going to get a fifth? Dear audience, it looks like we are!"
Mistiora "Nnn, nnnmm.... urrrghhh! Bleh, nnm, mmfff! Bllllh!"
As she climaxes again and again, fluids keep coming out of Mistiora's mouth and pussy like they're leaky faucets.
Whether king or general, when sleeping with a man, she would only need to climax once. Twice if he were strong. The tightening of her pussy after the orgasm would make him cum too, granting her a time of reprieve.
The machine does not ejaculate, however. It tirelessly and mercilessly continues its assault. No matter how many times Mistiora comes, it keeps pounding into her pussy in its throes of orgasm.
Mistiora (I-I've never been made to cum this much in so short a time... Ah, ahh, I'm cumming again!)
The sight of her climaxing, again and again, is a shameful one to see.
Her body is covered in sweat, drool dribbles down her chin, falling to the ground below, and her silky hair is a tussled mess and sticks to her sweat and spittle-drenched skin.
The stimulation in her pussy and the weight of the bells on her nipples as well as the heaviness of her much-shaken breasts have left her tips red and sharp. Her breasts themselves have also taken on a lewd pink color.
Her crotch is in a worse state. As the dildo spins and mercilessly stretches out her vagina, its pink, fleshy walls are in view, and the juices splattered out from the dildo's twists have flown as far as her thighs, sullying her skin.
At the level of speed the dildo is at, each thrust in and out vibrates her clitoris, making it swell to the size of a thumb.
Mistiora (Feels like electric shocks are going through my whole body... ahh, eeeaah! I-It feels so good I'm going to lose my mind!)
Mistiora (Nnn, ahh! Oh, I'm going to cum from my pussy! My clitoris is going... Ahhh, I'm cumming from so deep inside....!)
Mistiora "Nnnmm, ghhhhh! Mmm, bbblll! Nnm, aagaaa! Nnm, nmm!"
Mistiora is well past her limit. It is clear for all to see, and the passion she moans with excites the crowd.
Audience Member E "She's in the middle of cummin', and she's gonna cum again! She's in the zone now! She won't stop cummin'!"
Mistiora (I-I can't cum anymore... if this keeps up, every part of me will break from orgasm! My mind will shatter...!)
Announcer "Ten orgasms in a row already! All right. Time for the final stage! Maximum power! Just how many times will she come now!?"
Mistiora is baffled at what she hears.
Mistiora (What...? It can... get even stronger? No, that cannot be... I can't... No...)
She no longer has any willpower or stamina to resist with. The already girthy dildo in her pussy swells up even larger and begins to thrash inside her.
Mistiora "Guh, ohhhh, uwahhhh! Ohhhhhhhh, nnuooohhhh!"
All eyes are on her brown lower belly as the raging dildo moves so fiercely and quickly it seems all but invisible to the untrained eye.
Mistiora orgasms with a bestial groan and then immediately orgasms again.
Mistiora "Nnnnnmmm! Ghhhkk, mmmm, urghaghgh.... guhh, fffmmmmm!"
She experiences an orgasm nested in another orgasm, twisting her body wildly in the throes of unknown pleasure. Her bound limbs thrash about, and she squirts a tide with every climax.
The host no longer needs to count----Mistiora's body shows how many times she climaxes.
Mistiora (Ohhh, guohhh! The pleasure is making my pussy explode! My clit just won't stop pulsing!)
Mistiora (Ghhk, I'm going to cum again! Again and again! Ahh, my pussy just... feels too good! If I take any more of this, I'll... I'll...!)
Her beautiful face twists in pleasure and pain as it forms an unspeakably obscene expression.
Perhaps it is recoil from the violent thrusts of the dildo, but she appears to be moving her hips back and forth while her legs are bound.
Mistiora "Nnn, ahhh, mmm! Eheh, cfff, oh, ooggghh!"
Announcer "Eleven, twelve... Oh, she's still going, we've got fifteen in a row! But don't worry, there's still time!"
The crowd cannot be more excited as they see Mistiora in her lewd disarray. The bells on her breasts ring with every bounce, and her pussy blasts a neverending tide of juices and ejaculate from her constant orgasms.
Audience Member B "Dammit! Called it wrong! Piece of shit slutty elf! Go cum yourself to death!"
Audience Member C "Keep it going! Keep it going! Keep cumming!"
Mistiora "Ghhk, nnmm, gguohh! Mmmnnn, eep, uooh, gguooh, aahhh, nmnmmmooo!!"
Her body is tense from constant orgasms. Her screams are constant, and her nose and throat are blocked up with snot, tears, and saliva. She can hardly breathe.
The dildo keeps going on inside of her, and she continues to orgasm, sputtering spittle as she does.
Mistiora (Everywhere in my body just feels so good...! Nnmm, ahh, I'm going to cum again! I've cum so much my mind and pussy have melted!)
Mistiora (I'm cumming again... I can't stop cumming... I... Ohh, I'm cumming from my pussy! I'm cummiiiing!)
Pssshhh, plllsshhh, fwsshh!")
Her clitoris swells up large and shakes from side to side with each orgasm. The sight of it dangles like a small penis as she squirts, making it look as though she is peeing.
Her juices and ejaculate wet the faces and hair of the audience in the front, and a few of them start licking at it.
Mistiora no longer has the presence of mind to denigrate the perverse actions before her. She hardly knows where she is or what she is doing.
Announcer "That's twenty-nine times! Is she going to go further? Whoever bet on twenty-nine and thirty, pay close attention!"
Mistiora "Nnnnnn, ohhhh! Bllhhblh... guoh, gggnnnooohhh!"
Announcer "Thirty times! Oh, here comes the thirty-first...!"
..................
............
The audience's passionate dream and Mistiora's nightmare finally come to an end.
Announcer "And that's time!"
As the device stops, the thick dildo is forcefully pulled out.
Spplllp! Plllsh, chhp!")
Mistiora "Mmah! Ghh... uhh, ahh, mmm... ohhh, bwehh...."
As the dildo pulls out, the built-up juices pour out in all directions, accompanied by a translucent liquid.
Plll... plll... plll...!")
Mistiora "Eheh... uwh... nnn..."
The piss she expels before the men's eyes becomes a thick stream and forms an arc as it sails into the audience.
The open vagina under her urethra continues to twitch in the aftershock of her orgasm, and her open frills are caked with juices with the consistency of nearly hardened egg whites.
Mistiora "Uh... uweh... nnmm... ahh..."
While a show is made of her urination, Mistiora simply takes weakened breaths through her drool-plastered lips.
Mistiora (Is it... finally over? I cannot tell, but... it feels like my pussy is... still being torn into...)
The item's intense thrusts seem to have taken much of her stamina away. Her body feels as heavy as lead and almost like a foreign entity to her.
She is also bereft of her willpower. Though she knows she is urinating against her will, she does not have the energy to stop herself.
Mistiora (No, if this continues my... mind will break...)
Mistiora shakes her head weakly, feeling the slight scent of ammonia.
Announcer "And now for the final results! How many times did Mistiora climax? Hnn...!"
The crowd's cheering wipes out the host's voice, but a man quickly stands up and thrusts his fist into the air.
Spectator Z "All right, I won! Now it'll be my dick that makes the Legendary Whore cum her brains out!"
The loud clamor in the room makes Mistiora's heavy eyelids twitch, and she sees Derek's large frame before the stage through tear-fogged eyes.
He looks at her with a smirk.
Mistiora (Ghh, he's... laughing at... me...)
Mistiora (I will not... lose to the likes... of you...)
Her vision quickly fades and his irritating grin with it. The clamor of the crowd also begins to fade into the distance.
With Derek's eyes of derision the last thing she sees, Mistiora quietly loses consciousness.
............
......
...
#04_mis007
That evening...
Mistiora "Urgh... ghhkk..."
Sounds of struggle escape Mistiora's crimson lips as she squirms on her bed under the dim light, utterly exhausted.
Deep wrinkles are curved into her beautiful eyebrows. She appears in the throes of a nightmare.
She has been subject to imprisonment, forced arousal, and endless sexual humiliation.
Can she not escape her nightmarish reality even in her dreams?")
Yet as she grips the sheets tightly, the pained words that escape her lips are...
Mistiora "Ahh... Oh, Olga..."
A few days later...
Mistiora "Phew..."
Alone in her room after the last man leaves, Mistiora lets out a weary sigh.
Having been made to bed men constantly since last evening, her body is covered in sticky semen, and its stench has filled her room.
Mistiora (I have to wipe it off before it fully dries...)
She lets out another sigh and drags her heavy body to the wetted cloth before beginning to wipe herself down.
The men had used her mouth and anus as well as her vagina, and her body bears the remnants of their lusts: the semen that splashed over her, bitemarks of desire, bruises from where she was violently grabbed...
Her hair and eyelashes have been popular sites of ejaculation too, and no matter how much she wipes them down, the raw scent of male fluid does not fade.
Mistiora (Have I ever looked this terrible? This miserable?)
The sight reminds her of how she had been handled last night, making cleaning up that much more draining to approach.
No matter how much she wipes her slit, more semen drips out.
Mistiora (How many times have I been cum inside of...? Was it six times in the front and four in the back? And how many times in my mouth...?)
She has been made to bed men without rest every day since coming to the Service Nation.
Being desired daily and obliging is nothing new for her, but the lusts of the men of the Service Nation are on another level entirely.
Mistiora (It is as though every man of this land is at the height of his desire. They're more beasts than men...)
An exasperated smile comes over Mistiora's face, and her brow curls at the pain in her mouth.
Last night when performing fellatio on a gentleman with a rather thick rod, he pushed himself in hard and rough, cutting the edge of her mouth.
Right as when she puts her hand over her mouth to ease her pain, the door opens with a low sound, and Derek enters.
Derek "Looks like you certainly worked hard."
Derek looks down at Mistiora and the seed still on her without a hint of delicacy.
Mistiora "I'm sure you did not come here simply to mock me. Speak. What do you want?"
She lets out an annoyed sigh and ignores his eyes, working meticulously to wipe at the semen built up on her cleavage.
Derek "Hmph... You've gotten used to life here, haven't you? You're bringing in quite the handsome sum too."
Derek "Now, as a bit of a reward, I'll let you use the grand bath."
Mistiora "Grand bath...? Not without a catch, I presume."
Mistiora gives him a suspicious look.
Mistiora (This man would never say such a thing out of the goodness of his heart. He must be plotting something.)
As Mistiora hardens her gaze more, Derek shrugs back.
Derek "Catch? Don't misread me, I'm not doing this for your sake. This is for our national treasure----our finest whore."
Derek "Even the best tools lose value without proper maintenance, and that goes double if they reek."
Derek grins at her with a look of derision.
Mistiora clutches the cloth she has been wiping herself down with.
Mistiora (A tool... He called me a tool.)
Before she can think of retorting back, she feels irked at being treated like a tool.
The proposal itself, however, is not bad.
She has only been allowed to wipe her body down, making it difficult to remove the semen stuck to her hair and skin as well as its smell.
To be able to use a bath, a large one at that, is like a dream come true.
A smirk comes over Mistiora's face as she stands up.
Mistiora "I had just been wondering if the men here enjoyed reveling in filth. I will accept your offer to bathe."
Her knees feel like they will buckle as she begins walking, but she has no intention of showing weakness to Derek.
She walks toward the door, demanding Derek take her to the bath.
Derek answers with an accommodating smirk and walks out the door ahead of her.
Mistiora "Oh...? So, this is the grand bath?"
Impressed, Mistiora finds herself gasping as she steps through the door Derek pushed open.
The sheer luxury in the size and decoration of Empress Ladomira's grand bath stands out as impressive to Mistiora even as one who has been with countless kings.
Mistiora "Quite impressive, I must say. Will I have it to myself?"
Fully nude with her voice pleasantly echoing throughout the room, Mistiora walks briskly over the beautiful carpet toward the bathtub.
Right as she peers at the water, marveling at how wonderful it looks in the large tub...
#04_mis008h_mis04
Mistiora "Gbbhhgb!? Prffff!?"
Something lunges out of the bathtub, grabs Mistiora's legs, and drags her into the hot water.
She tries to bring her face above water, but a stronger force pulls her down, and something wraps around her wrists and ankles. She finds herself immobilized.
Mistiora (What in the world just happened!? Was there something hiding in the bath!?)
Mistiora's eyes go wide in the water in her confusion, and she desperately tries to find her enemy.
Yet all she sees is the water. She is alone.
This is no surprise, however, for her assailant is an invisible monster: a roper, a tentacled, aquatic being.
Its invisible tentacles are wrapped around her limbs, immobilizing her.
Mistiora (Guh...! I must escape somehow! If I don't, I won't be able to breathe before long!)
Sensing danger, Mistiora desperately fights against her bondage and tries to bring her face above the surface. However...
Gah! Gah!")
Mistiora "Ghhff!? Mmrrrnnm!? Ghghphgph!?"
Right as her head emerges from the water, Derek mercilessly stomps it back down.
He shows no hesitation in stepping on a woman's face. Her small, silvery head is under his tough boot.
Derek "I'm giving you a chance to clean that filthy body of yours. Why are you trying to leave the bath?"
Her beautiful hair scatters out on the water's surface as her expression twists in pain.
Mistiora "Ghhh! Bfff!? Bblll, how c----mmn, you...!"
Derek "How could I what? Give you a chance to clean up? Because I have. You see, that's a particular roper that's got you. It's rather fond of semen."
Derek "It was taking you far too long to clean all the seed off of you, wasn't it? Well, he'll clean you up... inside and out."
With that, Derek stomps down hard on her. The impact makes Mistiora open her mouth, and a wave of hot water pours into it.
Mistiora "Gaaaoohhh!?"
It catches her in a poor stance. She is unable to spit it out, and the water flows into her nose and windpipe, cutting off her breathing. The surprise sends her slender body reeling back.
Seeing her vulnerability, the roper wraps its tentacles all around her and drags her into the depths of the bath.
Mistiora "Ghhhhkkk! Nnn, nnmmm!"
Mistiora's face twists and pain as she struggles to hold her breath.
She nearly cries out, but she knows that she will let out what little air she has in her mouth and lungs if she does.
Shlllp...shhrr... nnlllp...!")
Mistiora (I was such a fool! I let my guard down... Ahh, I knew I should not have trusted Derek!)
As Mistiora curses her mistake, the tentacles wrap tighter around her body, depriving her limbs of their freedom.
The invisible tentacles crawl all over her skin, and though she cannot see them, she can feel the slimy appendages running over her.
Mistiora thrashes her thin body about in the water in an attempt to ward off the unpleasant sensation, but the roper keeps a stiff hold on her. All she accomplishes is rustling her long hair.
As she thrashes, the tentacles wrap around the base of her bountiful breasts and squeeze them, hard.
Mistiora twists back from the pain to her bust.
Mistiora (Ghhhk! Why is being groped by tentacles so... nnaah!?)
Her inability to see her assailant and brace for what comes next has put her on edge, focusing her senses far more than usual.
And then comes an unpredictable stimulation.
The tentacles lick at her extended and erect nipples.
Mistiora (Uwwaaah!? W-What is it... is it sucking me!? That makes no sense. I thought these were tentacles!)
She feels the powerful sensation of being sucked on not only from her nipples, but from her cleavage, thighs, and other spots all over her body.
The tips of the tentacles are like tongues, and they lick her soft skin.
Mistiora (I-I am being licked all over! Is it licking off the seed stuck to my skin!?)
She remembers what Derek said as she squirms to a ticklishness that quickly turns into sexual pleasure.
?gIt's a particular one fond of semen. He'll clean you up... inside and out."
Mistiora (I-I cannot let it do any m----wh-what is it trying...!? No, it cannot be...!)
She feels something hot, stiff, and wet at her crotch.
She twists her body on instinct, trying to escape, but it is too late.
Shllp! Shrlp! Shhhhp!")
Mistiora (Ghh! Aaagghhh! You cannot be serious, i-it went in all at once...! And it's so thick too...!)
A thick tentacle opens up her vagina and plunges deep into it.
She squirms and thrashes from pain and surprise.
The tentacle goes as deep into Mistiora's pussy as it can go, then immediately begins to dance in all directions.
Mistiora (Ahh, nnn, d-don't move inside me! I don't allow the likes of tentacles inside!)
The invisible tentacle is far hotter than Mistiora imagined, and it has a girth to rival any cock. Though it did not have a human's stiffness, it moved with the flexibility and dexterity of a whip.
It has a sticky surface and sticks to her walls more stubbornly than any other visitor to her pussy.
The tentacle is looking to suck up loads of semen dumped into her last night. Unlike a penis during intercourse, it does not thrust in and out, instead electing to lick her vaginal walls in every direction.
Mistiora "Ngh...! Ghh, nnn, mmm... ahhnn, fff...!"
At the mercy of the licking tentacle brushing up against even her smallest folds, Mistiora finds an irresistible pleasure bubbling up from her lower belly. Her bound thighs begin to twitch.
The tip of the tentacle latches onto her cervix and begins to meticulously suck up the remnants of semen from it.
Mistiora nearly finds herself letting out a moan from the unusual pleasure of having her cervix licked, but she quickly stops herself.
Mistiora (A-Ahh, ahh! I've never had my pussy licked this deep be----ahhh, m-my legs are trembling...! Yet!)
Mistiora (I cannot let things go as he wishes any longer! This licking is nothing! I will endure!)
She tenses her whole body, gritting her teeth as she tries to endure the pleasure... but the tentacle starts to move with even more vigor within her clenched cunt.
Perhaps being clamped on hurt it or perhaps being more crowded by her walls made it sense the scent and flavor of semen more.
The roper starts to twist about in her closed pussy, sliding through her cervix in pursuit of the semen's scent, and it begins to thrust into her womb.
Mistiora (Gguuaahh! Ahh, ohhhh! Cease this, now! That is where my child will grow, you must not thrust so h----ahhh!)
It crawls into her like a caterpillar, twisting up before snapping straight and shooting into her cervix.
Her womb and the organs above it are thrust up from the impact, and her lower half bounces upward.
Mistiora (Ghhkk! With every thrust, I feel such... nn, ahh, pleasure...! Agghh!)
A powerful, bestial pleasure mixed in with a chemical euphoria pushes away the pain below and in her throat as it builds up around her womb, threatening to consume her entirely.
If this continues, she will orgasm before long.
Worried, she struggles in an attempt to escape, but the roper will not let such prime prey go. It simply holds her down tighter.
As it does, its penis-like tentacle continues to slide deeper into her vagina.
Mistiora (Cease this! Leave me! I... I take no pleasure in this... I tell you, none...!)
The moment the invisible tentacle thrashes and slips its head into her cervix, Mistiora's whole body shudders, and she lets out a cry through her shut mouth.
Her opened womb tingles with blazing heat.
When she bites down to shut out the pleasure, the tentacle on her cervix starts to loudly suck on it.
Shlllrrp! Shhhwwwp! Shwwwwrrrpp!")
Mistiora "Oogh! Ggghhh, nnn, aaaagh, uuuuuuuuahhh!"
The unplaceable pleasure pushes Mistiora to orgasm.
She finds herself in the throes of an incomprehensible sensation with waves pulsing from her womb. Her slender body thrashes and twitches again and again in the water.
Even worse, seeming surprised by the tightening brought on by her orgasm, the roper starts to move even more violently in her pussy.
Mistiora (Gguhhh, aaghh! I-I cannot believe... a mere roper has... ahhh!)
The impact and confusion loosen her lips, and water pours in.
Mistiora "Urgh...bblllpp! Ghhhk! Aggghh!"
She quickly tries to close her mouth, struggling desperately with her long limbs as she feels her mind going numb for lack of air.
The roper stays strong, however, and her climax has left her with less vigor.
Mistiora (Ghhk...! I'm going to suffocate! I must get to the surface, and fast!)
Then, she feels her soft rear pierced.
Her body wriggles and writhes as her sensitive anus is thrust into.
She turns back in disbelief. Though the creature is invisible, she sees----feels----something wet and thick push into her ass.
Mistiora (H-How could I have forgotten that they came in my ass, as well...!? W-Wait! Y-You don't need to----)
In the next moment, the thick tentacle plunges deep into her anus.
Shhhhlllk! Shpshpshp, shhhhpp!")
Mistiora "Gahh... nmm, aggh, nnnmmmm!"
She nearly lets out a scream from the pain running up her spine, but she tightly purses her lips to hold onto what air she has left.
The tentacle forcefully wriggles its head about as it opens her anus and pushes deeper inside her.
Mistiora (Ghh...! Mmm, urgghhh! My... asshole is being pried open...!)
Far thicker than any man's penis, the tentacle thrusts into her stretched anus, feeling like she's excreting a large lump of waste with every motion.
Mistiora (C-Cease this! Cease this now! Ahh, these two thick tentacles are thrashing near my stomach, it's... aughh!)
The tentacle seems to be able to change its thickness. As it slides through her tight sphincter, it balloons up again in her rectum and sticks its surface on her intestinal walls.
Its smooth, gelatinous surface sticks hard to her intestines, and its every whipping motion generates friction enough to give her goosebumps and stimulus enough to make her want to scream.
Yet while it makes its grand movements, it also writhes and crawls along her passage, sucking up the semen inside her intestines.
Mistiora "Hnn...! Nnn, nnn, ohhh...! Ghh, urgh...!"
The tentacle sucks around the entrance to her anus as well, slurping at the semen built up there.
Mistiora shudders, feeling as though her anus and the organs beyond it are being licked and sucked by dozens of tongues and mouths.
Mistiora (Nnmmm! T-This vile tentacle is treating my ass any which way it wants...!)
With every bout of friction against her rectum, she feels a disgusting rub. It is an unspeakable sensation like her eyeball has been licked. It is a sensation that should not be, and one that takes hold in her gut.
The feeling of subjugation from the creature using her body as it wishes mixes in with a powerful masochistic pleasure, causing her oxygen-deprived body to quiver.
Mistiora (Urghh, uwahh, I... oh, creation, I'm going to cum again... ahh, nnnaahhh!)
Mistiora (No, I have to keep it... together... Hnn, the tentacle in my pussy and ass are rubbing together... mmm, ahhh!)
On top of the unusual pleasure, the lack of oxygen begins to get to her. Her head begins to pulsate as if it's become one big blood vessel.
With the tentacles binding her in the water, however, all she can do is hold her breath and wait until the creature is satisfied.
Yet just then, the tentacle thrusting into her rectum stops.
Mistiora (Is it... finally over?)
Mistiora loosens her senses ever-so-slightly, and at that moment, the tentacle thrusts into her intestines.
Mistiora (Guuooohh!? Oggghh!? I-It's going even deeper i----aahhhhhh!)
She feels somewhere tight inside her pried open. The roper has likely passed through the bend of her sigmoid colon and has gone into the actual colon.
Mistiora's stomach is full of semen from how many men have cum in her mouth.
Having slurped up all the semen in her rectum, the roper starts making its way to her stomach.
Mistiora "Ghhhkk... gnnn...! Ggguuhhh!"
The pain and strangeness are far greater than when it raped her rectum, and Mistiora's body goes taut from the force.
Making things worse, the tentacle is not thrusting back and forth like before but making a single forward motion as it goes through her intestines.
Mistiora (Gghh! It cannot truly be going further...!? No, t-this pain is nothing, I can... gahh!)
With her organs pushed away and pain so great she feels her stomach has burst, Mistiora feels an immense desire to vomit.
As she shakes her head and thrashes about, the tentacle continues to climb up through her intestines before bending to the side and going down again.
Then, it slides through her small intestine.
Mistiora (Gghhh, my stomach is going to burst! Gwahhhh! Cease this! You are going to kill me!)
Her limbs twitch stiffly at the shock of having her stomach scrambled alive.
Then, she suddenly feels an immense, burning pain in her right breast.
Mistiora "Ggghhhaaahh! Agghh, nnmm, mgggohhhhh!"
Unable to stop herself from screaming, the air she had so desperately held onto escapes her mouth as bubbles in the water.
At the same time, her yellow stomach fluids flowing back up from her belly spew out into the water as well. There is thick, white semen mixed with it.
The roper has finally made it to her stomach and begins to suck up all the semen Mistiora had been made to swallow.
Mistiora (I cannot believe it... I-Is it truly writhing around in my stomach!? S-Stop sucking at my innards... Stop this...!)
Realizing that there is semen in her stomach, the tentacle in it through her intestines begins to move with more vigor.
From the outside, it looks like a thick snake is thrashing about in her belly, trying to bite its way out.
Her beautiful, perfectly proportioned body is in shambles. Her breasts are stretched and pulled out, her stomach is bulging and twisted in an aberrant fashion, and she is a pity to behold.
Mistiora (Agghh, eeepp! Cease this, you are going to destroy my stomach and me with it! Stop moving! Stop moviiiiing!)
As her organs are pushed around, her torso bends back and forth involuntarily as if to protect them.
It is no longer Mistiora in control of her body, but the roper that infests it.
As she writhes under the shock and horror of having her organs violated, Mistiora is assailed by powerful nausea.
Mistiora "Nnnllllleeeaahhh! Gah, guh, gaoh...! Hnn...!? Hnn...!"
The tentacle buried in her stomach shoots up through her esophagus and out of her mouth.
She screams from sheer shock and surprise, but little sound comes out of her sealed mouth.
Mistiora "Nnnmm... gehh, bbll, guehh, ghhh...!"
Fully pierced by the tentacle, she spasms wildly like a skewered frog.
With Mistiora's body now a solid vessel from her anus to her mouth, the roper starts to smoothly thrust back and forth.
Mistiora (Ggguhhh, nnn, urgghh, hurts, what is going... on inside me...!? Is it moving!?)
The tentacle piercing through her whole body moves up and down as if using her body to rub itself off while it sucks up the rest of the semen in her body.
While this happens, the other tentacle thrashes about in her pussy, thrusting up into her cervix again and again.
The shock, the strangeness, the oxygen deprivation, the pain, and the pleasure... all far exceed the dark elf's capacity.
Mistiora "Guoohhh... gueh... gahh...!"
With a particularly large convulsion, Mistiora loses consciousness.
Mistiora "Ghhkk... bweh... blluhh..."
All of her muscles have slackened, and golden piss leaks from her loosened urethra, spreading into the water.
The roper crawls around and inside Mistiora's flaccid body as it spasms in unconsciousness.
The sorry sight is akin to a puppet that has stumbled and is being toyed with through its strings.
Mistiora "Nngh.... bl... bluh... kuh..."
Derek smirks as he looks down at the silver hair floating in the bath, attended by stomach acid, semen, and piss.
Derek "Looks like you've been cleaned on the inside too. You'll be right back to work tomorrow."
Mistiora cannot answer. Covered in stomach fluids and semen, her hair simply flutters in the water.
............
......
...
#04_mis009
Luka "As reported, it would appear that Mistiora is rather fatigued."
Derek nods at Luka's report.
Mistiora is obedient and brings in much gold.
That does not mean, however, that she has truly become part of the Service Nation.
She still needs more work before she accepts and seeks the pleasures of the flesh herself. The walls she has erected around her heart have yet to be broken.
Yet simply continuing to throw men and creatures at her would only drain her body and mind and nothing more.
The situation demands a decisive blow.
Derek (There has to be some sort of secret in her past. If I can get my hands on it, then I imagine...)
Derek takes another look at the report Luka and Nicola had put together.
He stops in the middle, then turns to Luka.
Derek "Come to think of it, Mistiora has been suffering nightmares every other night."
Luka "That is what the guard stationed at her room says, yes."
Derek "Nightmares, huh...?"
He gives himself a moment to think.
Lines between a few ideas connect in his head.
Derek "Summon Cale Gale."
Luka immediately sends a messenger for him.
After some time, Cale Gale arrives in the room, fresh from a shop down in town.
Cale Gale "Ah, thank you kindly for your continued patronage. You're looking as powerful as----"
Derek "Hold the flattery, I need none of it. What I do need is for you to get something for me."
Derek speaks over the man's gentle-looking smile and cuts to the chase, telling him what he needs.
Cale Gale "Ahh, I see! Of course, I can get it to you, right away!"
Cale Gale leans forward, rubbing his hands.
Cale Gale "You're as fortunate as ever, Commander Derek, because I happen to have stocked it just a few days ago!"
Cale Gale "Now as I'm sure you understand, it's a rather rare magic item, and getting one's hands on it is no mean feat, I tell you."
Derek "I don't need to hear your war stories. I'll buy it at any price, so bring it here. Now."
Cale Gale "Why, yes, of course!"
Beaming with joy, Cale Gale eagerly takes his leave.
Luka "I don't even want to think of the mark-ups that greedy man is going to come to you with."
Luka looks at his back with disgust, but Derek chuckles at her.
Derek "Simply proof of his talent as a merchant. Price aside, the stage is set."
Luka "What do you intend to do?"
Derek "Looking into her past won't get us any further, so I figured we would have her share her own story."
He wears a devilish smirk.
That night.
Derek steps into Mistiora's room.
He finds her in bed fast asleep.
The drugs he ordered her maid to put in her food seem to be working well.
Mistiora "Mm... zzz..."
He pokes her cheek, and she shows no sign of waking.
Derek pulls the item Cale Gale got for him out of his pocket.
The green crystal ball is a Dreamer's Stone, allowing its user to peer into the strongest memories of the target.
Derek (If it's a nightmare she suffers from every night, there should be a hint about her past in it.)
Derek holds the Dreamer's Stone over Mistiora.
Mistiora "Nnn... mm...!"
It lets off a dim glow, and Mistiora lets out a slight, pained cry as she turns in her sleep.
Derek looks at the crystal ball.
A green mist fills the crystal, and with time, it fades into a moving image.
Derek (Now then, let's see what you've been locking away in that heart of yours...)
Mistiora (Where am I...?)
Mistiora is walking through the darkness.
She knows not where she is nor why, but her legs keep moving with no hesitation.
Mistiora (Oh, no, no, I... I don't want to go that way...)
An image begins to form in the darkness, and a feeling of dread descends on her chest.
Mistiora (Oh, no... not that dream again...)
A dream of her past. Something she never wants to see or remember.
The dream grips her consciousness, and she knows that she cannot wake up.
Mistiora "Today's... the day, huh...?"
Mistiora is on her way home from her daily purification bath.
Her silky silver hair flutters in the wind, and her pace along the forest trail is slow. Heavy.
She seems to take no notice of the beauty of nature around her, and her youthful face shows worry.
Mistiora "I... I really think that Olga should be queen instead of me."
To the dark elves, the queen is she who gives birth to the male giant and leads their people.
The birthing of their god has been the dark elves' wish since times long past and is the hope of all who live in her village.
And Mistiora has been given this position. The greatest of roles.
Yet, she cannot bring herself to accept it. It makes no sense to her.
When it comes to talent in magic and integrity of character, Olga stands proud as Mistiora's ideal fit for a queen.
Mistiora (Why, then, was I chosen over her?)
She stops and shakes her head a little.
That seems to not be enough, and she shakes her delicate body, chasing doubts and negativity from her head.
Mistiora "Oh, no, I can't let my mind wander into bad places like that again. Olga told me I was right for it too..."
Olga has told Mistiora that she is fitting for the role of queen even more than herself.
She would gently laugh off Mistiora's tendency to compare herself to Olga and find herself coming up short as well.
With a reassuring smile, she would say...
Mistiora "Even if you do not believe in yourself, know that I believe in you..."
Mistiora repeats Olga's words.
Strangely, the worry building in her breast fades.
Mistiora raises her gaze and looks up at the sun peeking through the trees.
Mistiora (I can't say I have confidence in myself yet, but... I can definitely believe in Olga...)
Mistiora (And if she believes in me, it's worth trying.)
She puts a hand to her chest and nods, reassured.
Her stiff mouth loosens up.
Mistiora "This will... be fine. Olga does always tell me I have the bad habit of losing myself in thought too much."
With that, she starts walking again. Her footfalls are much lighter.
Mistiora "Hmm...?"
After some walking, she comes to a sudden stop.
There is a slight, sweet scent in the air.
A wonderful scent the likes of which has never graced her nostrils before.
Mistiora "Snf..."
She sniffs it with her little nose.
The scent is wonderful, but it makes her heart race, and she does not know why.
She finds herself anxious, somewhat frustrated... yet the sensation itself is not unpleasant.
Mistiora "Ahh... nn, ahh..."
Heated breath escapes her lips.
Before she knows it, her body is hot like she has just finished a run, and her heart begins to race.
Mistiora "W-Why do I feel so... hot? What is going on...?"
Mistiora "What happened? What is this scent...? Snf..."
She cannot take her mind off the scent.
She sniffs and sniffs, wandering through the forest in search of its source.
Mistiora "Where is it... mm, coming from... nn...!?"
Though she is used to the trail, she nearly trips on branches and leaf mold again and again.
This is because her lower body heats up against her will, and her slender legs trip up.
The tingling reaches her breasts, and she feels the same sort of yearning at her nipples.
Mistiora "This feels so... mmm, strange, but I... I want more and more..."
Mistiora "More of this... Nnmm, this scent, I just... ah, mm, nn..."
Her eyes have grown watery.
Though untouched, her nipples are fully erect, pushing up the thin clothes she wears over them in a provocative manner. Clear fluids drip down her thighs from her crotch, showing her pleasure.
Anyone can see that she's in the throes of arousal, but Mistiora herself does not understand.
There are only female dark elves, and their people have no need to engage in reproduction.
Sexual intercourse is possible but unneeded.
Mistiora in particular was raised as a possible queen and given no education in carnal matters.
Mistiora "Ah, it feels so tingly down there... I-I don't know what's going... on, nnn..."
Her fluid drips onto the dry leaves below as she walks.
Her nipples are erect enough to hurt, and just breathing rubs them against her clothes, sending waves of numbing pleasure through her with no end.
Her erect clitoris rubs against her clothes with every step, and the previously unknown sexual pleasure keeps her delicate body quivering.
Mistiora "Ah, ahh, it's so hot..."
She seems to have gotten near the source as the scent grows even stronger.
Her lower abdomen tingles so hard it hurts, and she throws herself backward, unable to handle the pleasure.
Mistiora "Ah, ahhhh!"
She stumbles back with the momentum and puts a hand on a nearby tree to support her.
When she does, the sound of a rope's strike rings through the forest, and Mistiora finds her left leg suddenly hauled up.
Mistiora "Eeep!?"
#04_mis010h_mis05
Mistiora "W-What...!? What in the world!?"
Mistiora's leg is caught in a trap.
Ivy is wrapped tightly around her leg. It doesn't seem to come undone no matter how hard she pulls on it.
Despite the situation, her lower abdomen and crotch burn and ache.
Mistiora "Hahhh, hahhh, nghhh... What's the matter with this...?"
??? "Kyahahahah, we caught one!"
Mistiora "Eh...? W-What...? No...!"
When she raises her face to the obnoxious voice, the goblins appear from the bushes.
The size of the small monsters puts them at no taller than Mistiora's hip.
Normally, they'd be small weak monsters not worth being on guard over even if there are several of them. Mistiora alone could simply kick them away.
But with her foot caught, the situation is different.
Moreover, after the goblins appeared, her body has gotten even hotter.
Mistiora (W-Why...? What is happening to me...?)
Goblin A "She smells young, but she's quite the beauty."
Goblic B "She smells like a virgin! Gyahah!"
Three goblins surround Mistiora, laughing noisily.
Mistiora's face grimaces at their animalistic odor and unpleasant voices.
However, the aching in her loins gets stronger instead of calming down.
Even though she should feel uneasy surrounded by goblins like this, her heart is racing but not with unease.
Mistiora's gaze wanders, trying to somehow escape. She notices some incense that a goblin is carrying.
Mistiora "C-Could that be Artalia incense...!?"
A goblin laughs disgustingly at Mistiora's confused voice. He thrusts the bottle forward to answer affirmatively.
The instant the purplish smoke is inhaled, her lower abdomen aches powerfully, and her crotch gets hot.
A light pink mist appears in her head, and her vision shakes.
Mistiora (Olga, my sister, you warned me, but...)
There is a flower that emits a scent that forces dark elves into arousal. Mistiora should have fled the moment she thought something was strange. That is what Olga told her.
Her chest is tight with regret.
Mistiora finally understands that what she is feeling now is lust.
Of course, even if she knows that, she has no plan of what to do.
Her abdomen burns hotter and hotter. It makes her want to tear at her body.
She twists her hips in agony at the burning inside of her crotch.
Goblin A "Gyahah, it seems to have been quite effective! Then, shall we take your virgin cunt, next!?"
Mistiora "No, let go! Hhh!? Don't touch me there!"
The three goblins finally attack Mistiora.
One climbs onto her face. He rubs his erect cock mercilessly against her cheek and mouth.
One clings to her breasts, sucking on her nipples.
And finally, one grabs onto her from behind as he rubs his erect cock against Mistiora's ass.
Mistiora "Nghhhhh! Stop! This is...!!"
She feels disgusted having a lowly goblin rubbing her skin.
Even though she should feel disgusted, it gives way to thrilling excitement.
Her nose is rubbed with a goblin's cock, standing tall in front of her eyes.
Of course, this is the first time she has seen a cock. She can honestly only call it disgusting.
Mistiora (The smell is incredibly pungent... It's so disgusting it makes my nose hurt, though...)
Mistiora "Snfff... nahhh, hahhh, ahhh... snfffff... hnnn, nghhhhh... hnnn..."
The scent is unclean and unpleasant, but even though she can't stand the stench, when she notices it, she takes a whiff and sucks it down.
Each time she smells it, her abdomen aches and spasms. She seeks more of this sensation and smells the scent more and more.
Air comes out of Mistiora's small nose, causing the goblin's cock to tremble.
She can really only see it as disgusting, but she can't take her eyes off it, either.
Mistiora "Augh, khhh, nghhhh... No, my breast, hnn... hahhh! Ah, ahhh, my crotch... No, no, noooo...!"
Her sexual partner is a filthy goblin. Her nipples are sucked and pinched. Her nipples feel numb, making her body twist. The numbness spreads down to her crotch.
When his dick rubs against her exposed and defenseless crotch, she feels an ache welling up in her abdomen. It is so intense that she wants to cry.
Mistiora (I-I can't do... this...! I... I'm going to become the dark elf queen, though!)
Mistiora shakes her head to push away the thoughts encroaching into her mind and scolds herself.
Her body shakes greatly due to her own strong will. She tries to knock the goblins away.
But the goblins thrust their cocks against her with more force, one attacking her nipples.
Mistiora "Hahhhh!? Ahhh, not that...! T-That's heating my body up... Nghhh..."
Her body trembles from pleasure. The strength in her arms slowly withers.
She should be voicing her displeasure, but all she hears are her own sweet moans.
She cannot bear the heat in her crotch as a cock is rubbed against it.
She moves in concert with the goblin's rubbing, making wet noises.
Goblin A "Does the slutty dark elf already want cock?"
Mistiora "Hhh!? No! Nahhh, hahh, hahhh...! Hhh, hahh, ah, ahhhh..."
Her crotch is opened to an audacious degree. Her slit is starting to come loose. The head of the goblin's cock pushes into her.
The head of his cock slides against her slit without penetrating her.
However, her hips tremble from that alone.
Mistiora (T-There's... It's so deep...! My womb is for our father, though...!)
She can't have her body defiled by a goblin.
Mistiora tries to shake the goblin off. With one of her legs tied up, she shakes her hips as much as she can.
But it only appears that she is seeking more cock.
Goblin A "Gyahhhh! You slutty elf, you like cock too much!"
A goblin tries to penetrate her, shoving his cock hard against her slit.
The heat from the monster's cock touches the inside of Mistiora's vagina. Her body trembles from it.
Mistiora "No! Just that will really...! Please! I'll do anything else...!"
Goblic B "This dark elf is crazy for cock! Shut up!"
Mistiora "Mmmmmmm!? Mnghhhh, nghhhhh!"
The goblin, clinging to her head, thrusts his dick into her mouth.
She takes the force like her head is getting punched, the hardness of it bursting with power, and the heat from the cock touching the inside of her cheek.
At the same time, her clothes are drenched with sweat as the sensation turns to pleasure due to the intense stench in the air.
Her mind goes crazy as she takes blow after blow.
Mistiora "This is... Hyahhh, nooooo! Aghhhh, nghhh, nghhhhh... hnn!"
Mistiora tries to spit the dick out of her mouth, twisting her neck to do so.
But all she does is rub the cock against the inside of her mouth.
The large head of his hot and hard cock rubs against her lips.
In that instant, an electric current runs up her spine, and hot pleasure goes to her lips. The electricity coursing through her numbs Mistiora's brain.
Goblic B "Kyahah! What's the matter? Suck it more!"
Mistiora "Nghhh, nghhh! Sckkk, mghhh, nghh, nghhhh! Stop! Stop it! Nghhh, bghh, bahhh... bahhh, sckkkkkkk!"
The goblin shakes his hips, moving his dick around inside her mouth.
Mistiora takes the dick deep down her mouth. It makes her want to puke.
Her mouth is filled with its stench. It makes even her own breath reek.
Mistiora (This cock... is inside my mouth...! Even though you're moving around inside of my mouth like this...!)
She struggles to breathe. She cannot think of her own will. She can't feel agony over having rape forced upon her.
His cock touches her tongue. The core of it is hard, but it's slightly elastic. The strange sensation is more horrifying than anything.
Despite that, her heart and body feel attracted to the cock.
Mistiora (That can't be...! I am supposed to become the dark elf queen...!)
Goblin A "Gyahah! It seems like your cunt can't wait any longer! Shall I bless you with my cock!?"
Glchhhhh...! Mlchhh, mlchhhhhh... blchhhhh! Blchhhhhhhhh!")
Mistiora "Hghhhh!? Ngh, khhh, hghhh, nghhh, nghhhhh... kmffffffff!!"
Her unopened pussy was closed tight, but it is forced open in a single blow from the goblin's hard cock. Her hymen is simply torn to bits.
Mistiora's back arches at the pain of having her flesh literally torn.
Mistiora "Mfffff, nghhh, kffffff... hnnn, hahhh, nghhh, kffffffff!"
But Mistiora feels the overwhelming heat more than the pain.
Her nether regions are so hot it feels like they're on fire. She screams in such pain and pleasure on the verge of tears.
She wants to feel this heat deeper and deeper.
Mistiora's unconscious mind causes her to twist her hips at the shock.
Goblin A "She's a virgin, but her cunt is slurping down his cock! She's quite the slutty elf!"
Mistiora "Nahhhh! Ahhhh, hnghhhh! Stop... Stop!"
A goblin violently fucks her pussy where her hymen was freshly torn while a cock is still in her mouth.
Mistiora stretches her body out and urges for things to stop due to the heat and pain she feels in her fresh wound.
But more than the agony in her voice, her arousal grows deeper.
Each time the goblin humps, wet and sticky sounds are made.
Goblin A "You slutty elf, does my cock feel that good?"
Mistiora "Kffff, ahhh, hhhhh! Nghhh, nghhhh, n-noooo! Hnghhh, kaff...!"
The goblin humps roughly, and Mistiora moans sweetly while desperately denying her pleasure.
Her body is not just her own. The goblins cock is thrusting into the most precious spot for her species.
Despite that, when her precious pussy is fucked with his cock, the pleasure amplifies greater and great with an intense itch.
She wants more. She wants him to fuck her deeper and finally starts to move her own hips.
She naturally focuses her strength on her nether regions, squeezing around his cock.
Goblic B "Suck my cock more!"
Mistiora "Ngbfff! Mghhhh! Bahhh, hnghhhh! Gpffff, sckkkk, nghhhh, sckkk!"
Goblin C "Kyahah, my nipples are standing on end! Do you want me to suck on your nipples? Or should I bite them?"
Mistiora "Khhhhh!? Hghhhh, knghhhhh! Hnn, nahhh, hanghhh, nghhhhh!"
When the dick is thrust into her throat, she feels like she's going to puke from her struggles to breathe.
When the goblin's tapered teeth bite hard down onto her nipple, a sharp pain shoots right to her head.
Despite that, I can't endure the pleasure. I want more and more.
Mistiora (This... is definitely not good, though...!)
The heat and aching continue to increase inside her body. She desperately looks for a way out.
No matter how she struggles, she cannot fight against the Artalia incense pushing her to lustful desires.
Mistiora twists her hips, sucking on the cock herself. Her pussy squeezes tight to drain his cock.
Goblin A "Kyahahah! I want your cock! Fill me up now!"
Goblic B "Me too! Drink it all! Don't spill it!"
Mistiora "Nghhh!? Noooo! Noooo! Nghhh, mnghhhh! Nahhh, noooo! Aghhhh, ungh, nghhhh!"
Cum, in other words, his seed is pouring into her. Her womb's purpose is to birth the male giant. It is completely defiled by a goblin.
Mistiora's heart shakes with fear, but her body just gets hotter.
Her pussy squeezes on the cock inside of it to urge it to ejaculate.
Mistiora (No! No...! This isn't me... It's because of the incense...!)
Mistiora tells herself desperate excuses because of her insuppressible desire.
She sucks on the goblin's cock while her pussy tightens skillfully around the cock inside of her to such a degree that it is unbelievable that she was a virgin.
Goblin A "Impregnate the brat with your goblin seed! Fuck that slutty dark elf cunt!"
Mistiora "Gbfff! Sckkkkk, sckkkkkk, bahhh, bahhhhh! Pahhh, mmm, mnghhh, ngh, bahhh, muah, sckkkkkk!"
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhh, bshhhhh! Gshhhh, gshhhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Mistiora "Hghhhhh! Mnghhh, nghhhhhhh!? Ungh, nah, hahhhhhhhhh!"
Her pussy and throat are showered with cum like she is in a bath being filled.
The heat and force cause Mistiora's body to bend wildly.
Mistiora "Mahhhh, ahhh, nahhhh! Ahhhhh! Nghhh, hhhhhhh!"
Goblic B "Hey, I came for you! Don't let my cock from your mouth! Drink it all down, you slutty elf!"
Mistiora "Bahhh, sckkkk, sckkkk, gmfffff!"
Mistiora shakes her head in the face of the intense pleasure. She moans and screams.
The goblin grabs Mistiora's head and thrusts his cock even deeper into her throat.
The cock that has pushed open her throat pulsates powerfully.
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Mistiora "Bnghhhhh! Bahh, mmmm, mghhh... nghhh, nghhh, glkkk... nghhhh, sckkk, muah, sckkkkkkkkkkkk!"
The huge amount of cum flows ceaselessly into her mouth and pussy.
She sucks powerfully on his cock without needing to be told as she is pushed into a powerful orgasm.
Mistiora "Nghh...! Kahhh, hahh, nghhh... ah, ahhhhh... kfff, uh, uhh... hnn..."
The goblins' long ejaculation finally ends, and they pull their cocks from Mistiora's mouth and pussy.
Large beads of cum drip in strings from her mouth as she breathes roughly.
The cum from her wide-open pussy mixes with the blood from her deflowering before dripping out.
The feeling of cum gushing back out of her makes Mistiora groan in despair over really having cum inside of her and being defiled.
Goblin A "Gyahahah, it's a virgin cunt, but it felt really good! Dark elves truly are the best ones to rape!"
Goblic B "Gyahah, she even sucked on my cock! The slut sucked it right down to the base!"
Having finished ejaculating, the goblins are satisfied. They give their reviews of Mistiora's holes.
The cock before Mistiora's eyes trembles and the remaining cum inside drips out.
Mistiora's eyes chase the drops before finally coming back to her senses.
Mistiora lightly shakes her head, shaking off her languidness. She takes a deep breath and gets control of her breathing.
Mistiora "You're finished, right...? Release my leg... and let me return. home..."
Looking at the goblins, Mistiora cries in shame and agony, her body trembling as she asks for freedom.
But they just laugh in a belittling manner at Mistiora's pitiful state.
Goblin A "You're an idiot! You are our slave! We're going to use that cunt a lot from now on!"
Goblic B "We're going to use you, and once we're bored, we'll sell you to humans!"
Mistiora "Hnn...!?"
Mistiora loses her ability to speak when faced with the unexpected reality thrust before her.
The goblins to prove their words to Mistiora thrust their once again erect cocks at her.
Mistiora "Nooooooo! Aghhh, nghhhhhh! No more! Stop!"
Goblin C "What do you mean 'stop', you slutty elf! Your nipples are so erect, though!"
Mistiora "Khhhhhh! Nghhh, hhhhhh! Nahh, hahh, nooo, don't bite... mghhh!"
Her boobs, throat, and pussy are assaulted by the goblins.
She really hates having this done to her. She wants to run away immediately.
Despite that, she just wants it harder and harder as soon as a cock is thrust so far down her throat that she feels like puking, and a cock starts pounding her pussy violently.
Her nipples are bitten so hard that they might tear off. Her chest stings with heat as though telling her she wants the goblin to bite even harder.
Mistiora "Mmmm, bahhh, sckkk, sckkkkk! Ngh, pah, muah, sckkk, sckkkk, hnn, ungh, ungh, nghhhhhh!"
When she notices this feeling, she sucks the cock on her own and squeezes her pussy tightly.
She perceives the cock in her throat as she tightens her throat a little. She moves her hips while tightening the inside of her body.
Mistiora (Why? Why am I doing this? I can't do it, though... I can't do this!)
Goblic B "Gyahah! Good! Show us more of your true self! You want more cock, right? Say you want it, you slutty elf!"
Mistiora "Nahhhh! Ahhhhh, no, this incense... don't bring it close! Mghhh, mghhhhhhhh!"
The goblin forces her to suck his cock while bringing the incense under Mistiora's nose.
The sweet scent of the incense and the scent of cum mix in the air.
Mistiora twists her neck to try to escape from that scent, but the goblin grabs her hair and shoves his cock even deeper down her throat.
Mistiora "Bahhhh, mmmmm... nghhh, kffff, nghhhh, ngh, nghhhhhhh... hnnn!?"
She breathes deeply through her nose because her throat is blocked.
The sweet scent permeates every corner of her head.
When that happens, she feels so much heat from the cocks in her throat and pussy that it makes her want to cry.
Even if she knows in her head that she shouldn't be doing this, she can't stop herself from engaging with the cocks on her own.
Mistiora "Hnnn... muah, sckkk, muah! Ngh, sckkk, sckkkk, sckkkk!"
Goblic B "How's that? You're going crazy because the cocks are too good, right?"
Goblin C "When made to smell this incense, a proud dark elf turns into a giant slut in an instant!"
Goblin A "If you want cock, beg for it! Pleasure my cock with your cunt!"
The goblins talk and laugh. Suddenly, they stop moving their hips as they had been doing.
Mistiora "Ngh... ngh, nahh, hahhh... khhh, khhh... nghhh, hahhh, nahhhh... hnnn..."
Mistiora is bewildered by it.
She had desired for them to stop raping her.
Despite that, she now thinks she wants them to move more.
She wants to feel a hot cock rubbing her throat.
She wants her nipples to be bitted so hard they'll nearly tear off.
She wants cock driven so hard into her pussy that her womb distorts. She wants to feel his semen directly in her uterus.
Delusions well up inside of her mind one after another.
Mistiora "Hnghhh! Ngh... hnn? Ngh, khhh, nahhh, hahhh... khnghhh... hnn..."
The goblins deliberately pound just a little before immediately stopping again.
Mistiora howls like a dog from momentary pleasure.
That makes the goblins laugh once again.
Goblin A "What's the matter, you slutty elf!? If you want cock, beg for it!"
Mistiora "Nahhh, hahhh, nghhh... khhh, khhhhhhh..."
Mistiora (No, no...! I must become queen, though...! I told my sister I would do my best... but this goblin is...!)
The inside of her body itches and spasms. She cannot endure her desire to get fucked.
She needs a cock to get rid of that itch. Even though it is filling her pussy, he's not moving at all.
The head being emitted by it just makes her feel more agony. Her womb aches with pain.
The irritation is felt just the same inside her mouth.
Because of the cock in her mouth, saliva is naturally dripping from her mouth.
Even when she sucks it back down, the cock shows no reaction at all.
Mistiora (Ahhh, this is...! I must endure it... I must get away from here, but...!)
However, she cannot endure her desire for pleasure let alone run away.
She wants to have her pussy and mouth plowed with a thick cock.
Mistiora (Because... I smelled that Artalia incense... So...)
Mistiora (Ahhhh, no, no...! I... Olga, my sister, I... wish... for mercy...!!)
The effect of the incense has shaken Mistiora's rational mind.
Mistiora desperately tries to suppress her desire by speaking to Olga in her mind.
But she cannot quell her ever-increasing desires.
Goblin A "Gyahah, what's the matter, slut! You want me to fuck that cunt, right!?"
Mistiora "Nahhh! Ahhh, hghhhhhhh...!!"
The goblin thrusts once from behind as she desperately tries to endure. The pleasure generated goes straight to her head, but the goblin immediately stops once again.
She wants her mouth and pussy to be fucked more. She cannot bear it.
Mistiora "Pahh... Please..."
Goblin A "Huh? I can't hear you!"
Mistiora "Cock! Please give me cock! Please fill my slutty cunt with your cock!"
Mistiora "I want cock! I want cock in my throat and in my cunt! I want you to make me drink your cum!"
Mistiora says indecent word after indecent word, begging the goblins for their cocks.
The goblins laugh loudly at Mistiora.
Goblin A "Good! If you become our slave, we'll bless you with cock!"
Mistiora "I will! I will be your slave forevermore, Master! So please give me cock!"
Goblin A "Gyahahah! Then, I'll give it to you, you cock-crazed slut!"
Mistiora "Nghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Unghhh, unghhh, nghhhhhh... khhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Her aching pussy is plowed roughly with cock.
Mistiora is pushed to a stupefying orgasm in just a single blow.
Mistiora "Nghhhhhhh, hhhhhhh! Good! Your cock is so gooooooood! I feel too goooooood, ohhh, thanks to your cock!"
Mistiora doesn't hesitate to scream obscene words at the goblins, urging them to bring her more pleasure.
The goblins fuck her all the harder.
Mistiora "Nghhhhh! Anghhhh, hnghhhhh! Nghhh, so deep inside of me! Your cock is reaching so deep into me!"
Goblin A "That's right! This is what you wanted, huh!? How's that, slave!?"
Mistiora "Yes! Yes! Thank you for the cock! It's the best!"
Goblic B "In that case, don't pant and suck on my cock!"
Mistiora "I'm sorry! I'll suck on your cock! Mmm, nghhh, sckkkkk!"
Mistiora does as ordered and sucks his cock deep into her mouth.
Even though she's never been taught what to do, she sucks her cheeks in, rubbing them against the head of his cock.
The walls of her pussy squeeze tight around his cock. It twists and pushes on his cock.
Mistiora (It feels good! It feels good! It feels good! I don't need anything else but cock! I don't care about this any longer!)
Mistiora "Please give me more cock...! Nghhh, muah, sckkk, sckkkk!"
Goblin A "Gyahah, is just cock enough? There's something you want more, isn't there?"
Her womb burns with heat at the goblin's laughter.
Mistiora screams out obscene words loudly as her flesh responds with its desires.
Mistiora "Please pour your cum... into my mouth and my cunt!"
Goblic B "Gyahahahahah! Do you want more jizz!?"
Mistiora "I want it! I want it! Give me lots of your jizz! Give it to me! Nahhhh, mmm, sckkkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkkk!"
The goblins increase the intensity of their movements to respond to Mistiora's desires.
Her pussy is twisted around in, and her cervix is stabbed into through the goblin's merciless movements.
Mistiora doesn't care about having her throat plowed. Her hips shake as he twists his way even deeper inside.
Mistiora "Mghhhhhh! Ungh, ungh, nghhhh! Nah, hahhh, ahhh, no, noooooo! Khhh, ahhh, I-I----!"
Goblin A "Gyahahah, good! I'll cum in your slutty cunt! I'm cumming in it!"
Goblic B "Me too! Drink my spunk as you cum! Here, cum! Cum from my cum!"
Mistiora "Nghhhhhh, unghhh, sckkkkk! Pahhhh, hahhh, I'm cumming! Your cum is making me cum! Mmm, sckkkkkkk!"
Mistiora welcomes the cocks deeper into her mouth and pussy as the goblins repeat their filthy words.
The goblins thrust their cocks deeper into Mistiora.
Splllllllrrrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhh! Gshhhh, gshhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Mistiora "Mghhhh, gbffff, pahhhhhhhhhhhh! Ungh, nghhh, glggg... pmffffffffffff!"
The intense constrictions of her pussy are making the goblin's cock erupt powerfully.
The goblins cock is stabbed all the way down to its base. He forcefully unloads cum into her stomach directly.
The pleasure tears at her mind from both above and below.
Mistiora "Nahhhhhh, hahhh, hhhhhhhh! I'm cumming! Your cum is making my slutty cunt cum!"
Mistiora "Bahhhh, sckkkk! Sckkkkkkkkk! Ungh, nghhh, pahhhhhhhhhhh!"
Mistiora takes the erupting cum into her womb.
The heat of the cum strips Mistiora of all rationality as she is pushed into orgasm.
Mistiora "Ahhhhh, ahhhhh... There's so much cum... Ahhh, hhhhhhh..."
Several hours have passed. The goblins finally stop raping Mistiora once the sun sets.
Mistiora has been thoroughly raped. She's covered in cum. Her mind is dyed with pleasure.
Mistiora "Muah, muah... ehehe, your cum is delicious... Lckkkk, ngh, sckkkk..."
She wipes up the cum dripping from her chin and puts it in her mouth.
She is immersed in pleasure.
A large amount of cum drips from her crotch.
She scoops it up again and tries to shove it back into her gaping pussy, not wanting to waste it.
Mistiora "Anghhh, it's dripping... More... Please pour more cum into me..."
She shakes her cum-covered body to seduce the goblins.
But the goblins look at her with disgust on their face.
Goblin A "What's with her? Is she broken?"
Goblic B "Her enthusiasm hasn't waned."
Goblin C "She won't sell to humans for a high price."
The pleasure has made her go stupid. The goblins' fun is spoiled by Mistiora's continued desire for cock.
They look at one another and shrug their shoulders, leaving Mistiora there.
Mistiora "Ahhh, why? No, noooo, don't go... Hey, cock!! Give me your cocks!"
Mistiora desperately calls to the goblins.
She wants more pleasure.
She didn't know there was such wonderful pleasure in the world.
She can no longer finish her mission.
Having her uterus sullied, Mistiora no longer has any value.
No her mission no longer matters.
When compared to the pleasure of a cock, there is no comparison.
Mistiora "Fuck my cunt! Hey! Fuck it! I want your cock!"
Mistiora screams into the forest begging like made for cock.
............
......
...
#04_mis011
After being raped until her body and mind alike were in shambles, it was Olga who found her and brought her back to the village.
It was thanks to her loving care that she was able to bring herself back from the brink and break the incense's spell on her mind.
She has never felt as much shame or regret toward her actions as she did on that day.
Yet her shame did not mean she could be forgiven.
Her body was to give birth to the male giant, their god, yet it had been sullied by base goblins. Many called for her execution.
Yet it was once again Olga who saved her.
She soothed the indignant elder and other villagers, vanquishing their desire for her death.
Yet in return, she was to be cursed----regardless of whether she wished it or not, men would be drawn to her.
This was her punishment.
All so that for the rest of her life, she would not forget the moment she lost herself in pleasure. Her sin.
On the day she was exiled from the village... Olga was the only one who came to see her off.
It would be, she was sure, the last time she would see her.
All she could do was desperately hold back tears as she looked up at her sister. Her sister quietly reassured her.
The day will come, she said, when you will be able to atone for your sin.
How much time had passed before she came to know that those words meant that her sister had resolved to give birth to the giant in her stead?")
Yet, sometime after, Olga fell to the Service Nation.
Why? Why had she not been able to carry out her duty? Her sworn purpose?")
Why had she allowed herself to sink into a moment's pleasure?")
If she had not lost her to pleasure, then Olga would not have had to become queen, and she would not have been captured by the Service Nation.
Her sin of losing herself in pleasure is not something that can be forgiven.
But perhaps she could at least atone to Olga.
Atone to the sister who took her place.
With that in mind, she locked away her weak, foolish self and took after Olga, emulating her air of pride befitting a dark elf.
She made her decision: No matter what happened, she would not be shaken.
She would do anything to reclaim the pride she had lost.
And she believed that the day she could atone would come.
The green crystal Derek holds next to Mistiora as she sleeps loses its glow.
Derek "Heheh..."
Derek "Hahahaha! Now that's a plot twist!"
Unable to hold back his laughter with all revealed, he bursts into a cacophony of laughter, paying no mind to the sleeping elf.
Keeping a cruel smirk on his face even after he finishes laughing, he looks down at Mistiora in her bed.
Derek (And here I was, wondering what sort of grand secret you had. This is who you really are, Mistiora?)
Derek (Didn't expect you to be little more than a lustful bitch.)
Not having the stomach to face her own lust and desires and being cowed by her feelings of guilt, she justifies her proclivities with the farce of atonement.
The beauty who brings kingdoms to their knees, who has caused countless men to lose their minds in pursuit of her, had such a... boring truth to her. Beneath her air of mystique lies a weak woman.
Derek (Atonement? Don't make me laugh. You fell long ago.)
Derek looks down at Mistiora's beautiful, slumbering face in derision.
Derek (Well, if you want to cling so tightly to the fantasy of atonement, be my guest. I'll see that you get what you want.)
Derek clutches the crystal in the dimly lit room, a sadistic smile coming over his lips.
Mistiora "You called for me? State your business."
When she steps into the guardhouse, Mistiora gives Derek her usual, challenging smile.
Human soldiers surround her with monster troops beside them, and they all look at Mistiora with lewd eyes.
She trains her eyes on Derek, acting as if the soldiers are not there.
Derek looks back at her with a smile of pity, yet clear scorn.
Derek "What say we bring this to an end?"
Mistiora "Excuse me? What do you mean?"
She furrows her brow at the unexpected opening.
Derek continues with a quarter smile.
Derek "You've been trying to keep yourself from giving in to pleasure, haven't you? All for your dear big sister, Olga, and to atone for what you've done to her?"
Mistiora "Hnn...!?"
Mistiora's purple eyes shoot open as her heart leaps.
She bites down on her quivering lips and chokes out a hoarse question to Derek.
Mistiora "How did you...?"
Derek "I took a look at your memories. Saw quite the interesting scene."
Mistiora "You cretinous...!"
Her pale face becomes blood-flushed with humiliation and rage.
The shock of having her secret known is overwritten by trembling rage.
Mistiora "Just when I thought you could get no lower... Do not think you can ever be forgiven for this!"
Though she glares daggers at him, Derek keeps calm. He taunts her as if to play with his prey.
Derek "I hadn't dreamt I'd see you lusting after the cock that burst your hymen. To think you enjoyed the pleasures of the flesh so!"
Mistiora "Silence, you! I was under----"
Derek "You won't find many whores that are eager for more dick after being plowed that much even among our finest."
Mistiora "Ghhk...! You...!"
Mistiora bites her lip and tells herself not to fall for his cheap taunts.
Why would Derek tell her that he knew her secret?")
To shake her, of course, and deliver his next blow while she is weakened.
Meaning that she must keep an air of calm and quiet the rage and humiliation she feels, no matter how strong it is.
Mistiora balls her fists hard enough for her palms to bleed as she desperately calms herself.
Yet, Derek cracks his whip at where Mistiora's heart is softest and weakest.
Derek "But don't you worry. You're not particularly horny. That's simple biology. The dark elves are a lustful people."
Derek "I hear that after becoming a whore of the Service Nation, Olga was quite active in bedding clients."
Mistiora "Shut your filthy mouth!"
The dam of her emotions breaks, and she screams in rage at Derek.
Mistiora "You filthy swine! You would insult not just me but Olga as well!? I will do everything I can to----"
Derek "I'm insulting no one. I am simply stating the fact that the dark elves are a lustful people."
Mistiora "Nonsense and slander! The dark elves are a proud and pure people!"
Derek "Then that would mean you are particularly lustful, then."
Mistiora "Ghhk...!"
Seeing Mistiora unable to shoot back a retort, Derek smirks.
Derek "Well, if you're going to insist so heavily, then I'll give you a chance to prove your people aren't as lustful as I believe."
Mistiora "What...?"
The realization that she has erred comes too late.
She has fallen right into Derek's trap.
With what she has said, she has no way of refusing Derek's proposal, a proposal that most definitely involves being thrown into more barbaric pleasuring.
If that was all, it would be fine.
The issue is that the pride of the dark elves and Olga are riding on it.
Mistiora (How foolish I am...!)
Regret strikes her for getting too emotional, but it is far too late.
Derek starts walking toward her.
Derek "If you wish to say that you, Olga, and the whole dark elven race aren't a lusty people, then prove it with that body of yours."
Derek's glaring eyes have unfathomable darkness in them.
Citizen A "Damn it all! Look at how long the line is already!"
Citizen B "We all get turns, right? Right...?"
Though it is far too early for the town to stir, the square alone is engulfed with unusual excitement.
Today was special: Anyone could rape the famous Legendary Whore, the much-desired dark elf, for free.
The square is bursting with men eagerly trying to get a spot in line, awaiting their turn.
There are men as far as the eye can see. It feels like the entire town is gathered here.
Pained moans ring out from the center of the crowd.
#04_mis012h_mis06
Mistiora "Urgh... guh... nnmm, fff...!"
Mistiora is standing and bound, made to stick her butt out behind her.
A man clutches her rear with rough hands as he rapidly pumps into her.
Man A "I can't believe I get to rape the legendary dark elf! Damn, and her pussy's tighter than any human!"
The semen of other men splashes out of her pussy with each thrust.
How many men has she had today? She's lost track.
Mistiora (Ghhk... I had never imagined that this many men would gather...)
The simple sight of the crowd of men filling the square sends a chill down her spine.
Mistiora (Yet I cannot let myself fold. It is not only my pride at stake but Olga's as well...!)
As she endures the man's powerful pumping, her mind goes back to the conditions Derek had laid out.
Should she not orgasm a single time while spending the whole day being fucked by the men of the Service Nation, she would win.
If she and the dark elves are not lewd and constantly giving in to their lusts, then according to Derek, it would simply not be possible for her to orgasm while being raped by a filthy stranger.
He said that should she get through the day without a single climax, then he would admit his error and do as she wishes.
The burden of confirming her orgasm lies on Mistiora----she is to announce if she does.
She can lie about it, of course, and say she did not orgasm if she had, but she has no intention to deceive.
Not when this is proof of her atonement for her crimes against Olga. Against her countrywomen.
Mistiora (I will endure this pleasure and make him admit his wrongdoing, I swear it...!)
Mistiora clenches her lower abdomen, tightening her pussy around the rod and squeezing it.
Her cum-lubricated cunt sticks to the cock with an alluring adhesiveness, and she twists it around.
Man A "Gghh!? Whoa, what the...? It feels like my cock's getting sucked right in!"
The man lets out a cry, unable to endure the sudden rush of pleasure, and begins to thrust his hips as if controlled by another force.
Her long years in the inner palace have left Mistiora with a deep knowledge of how to please men. To manipulate her cunt to lead a man to orgasm is a paltry task to her.
Man A "S-Shit, I can't hold on any longer! I'm cummin'!"
He slams his hips in hard and begins to ejaculate in her core.
Mistiora "Nnn, mmm, mmmm!"
Mistiora lets out a long moan at the sensation of the cock throbbing in her pussy and the hot semen pouring into her.
He holds onto Mistiora's hips for dear life as if possessed by pleasure, shooting out every last drop.
Man A "Phew... damn, that was the best nut I've ever had...!"
The man pulls away from Mistiora, looking as satisfied as can be.
Her pussy closes with its plug gone, and the milky white of countless men pours from her slit.
Mistiora "Nn... phew... Good for you..."
She notices to her chagrin that heat is building up in her lower half.
It seems that the constant exposure to aphrodisiacs and strange fetish play since being forced into the Service Nation has made her body far more susceptible to pleasure.
Yet this is a throb she can endure.
Mistiora (I will not lose myself. Not this time...!)
She redoubles her resolution and wears a haughty smile for the crowd to see.
Mistiora "Now then, who is next? Go ahead, pour into me as much of yourself as you wish."
As she shakes her rear, a muscular soldier approaches her.
Shhllp! Shpshp!")
He wordlessly grabs her sides and jams his cock into her as far as it will go.
The soldier then swings his built hips, thrusting into her as if tearing through her insides.
Mistiora "Nnnmm, urgh, mmm, urgh!"
His muscular body lends great power to his thrusts, and each pump brings his stiff head to her cervix, shooting waves of erotic pleasure through her body.
Mistiora (Not bad, for a human... Yet if he was erect while he waited, he should be close to bursting.)
Enduring the pleasure, Mistiora clenches her vagina, tightening its grip around his rod.
Her wet meat clamps down on the shaft, and the soldier lets out a pained groan.
Mistiora (Nnnmm... He may be big, but he doesn't have the stamina. Let me give him his release!)
She thrusts her hips back and forth, pushing the man to orgasm.
He grabs Mistiora's waist with labored breaths and begins pumping into her like a dog in heat.
Though the friction and impact leaden her breaths, she focuses on rubbing his shaft with her pussy, drowning him in pleasure.
Mistiora "Nn, fff.... ahh, now, release your seed!"
She brings her waist up hard, and the man lets out a low groan as his lower region quivers.
Spllllrrrrrt, gshhhhh! Bshhhh, bshhhhhhh!")
Mistiora "Nn, nnnnn... nmm, ghhh!"
The cock quivers before unleashing a geyser of thick white smashes into her cervix.
Mistiora's back spasms with a mixture of joy and disgust as hot seed fills her cunt.
Mistiora (Ahhh... How many men's loads are all mixed up do I harbor inside me...?)
Mistiora (Yet... I must prize this disgust. It means I am still myself, it means I will not fall to lust...)
Feeling the men finish inside her, she moves her vision behind her.
The line seems far from over.
The sun is high in the sky, and Mistiora continues to be raped by man after man.
Her brown skin is colored white with male seed, and translucent semen is bunched up in dry stains all over her beautiful body. She has been sullied.
The man sullying her body now is a large, chubby merchant.
Merchant "Oh, I lost the bidding in the auction, but now... oh, now, I've gotten my chance! Oh, I could cry!"
His belly jiggles with each thrust as his hip slams audibly into her ass. He pumps into her again and again, lost in carnal pleasure.
He clutches Mistiora's ass with his meaty, caterpillar-like fingers and gropes them in every direction.
Mistiora "Agh, ur... nnmmmah!"
Though not long, his cock is wide and thick like a tree stump, and it cranks Mistiora's reddened, raw pussy open to a painful-looking degree.
With that thickness, its thrusts may actually hurt if the spilled seed of countless men inside her did not act as a lubricant.
Merchant "Ohh, such tightness! I can hardly believe you've already been raped by dozens of men! Goddess, and the throbbing inside----this is an incredible cunt!"
Mistiora "Ah, mmph, nnnmm! Uurgh, kuh... ahh, ahnn!"
With every scraping of his short, hard rod against her passage, Mistiora's lower body lets out a relaxed quiver. Every so often, however, his thrusts send a shock of pleasure up her spine.
Being plowed into by dozens of men has left even Mistiora fatigued, and her ability to resist pleasure has been fading.
Mistiora (Nnn, ahh, creation, right there... ah! No! Get a hold of yourself, Mistiora, you must take no pleasure in this!)
The man lewdly gropes at her butt with his thick, sweaty palms as if seeking more pleasure.
Feeling like she's being groped by hands covered in lotion, Mistiora lets out a quiet, pleasured moan.
Mistiora "Ah, ahh, mmm... nnn!"
Mistiora (Hnn...! All right, I'll have to make him finish quickly!)
She clenches her heavy, numbed lower abdomen to clamp her pussy around his rod. Then, she starts to alluringly sway her hips from left to right.
Merchant "Guohh! What in the...? It's as if her pussy is sucking my dick!"
The merchant howls at the beautiful brown butt swaying before him and the pussy massaging his cock.
Unable to resist, he moans at the pleasure Mistiora grants him.
Mistiora "Nn, mm... come now, just like all the others, spill your miserable seed inside me... Nnn...!"
Spllllrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhh!")
Merchant "Ohhh, she's milking... me...!"
The merchant climaxes with no fanfare.
He gropes her perfect rump in longing reluctance as he cums inside her.
Mistiora "Nnnmm, ahh... ahh, nnmm, ahh...!"
His short cock quivers again and again as it unleashes sticky spurts of white inside her.
It rolls along her unfolded labia and runs down and off her thighs.
Mistiora (Nnmm... and that's... another one down...)
The moment the man came was to be the moment she caught her breath, but... the sweet pleasure from the G-spot he had been working on remains with her.
Mistiora (It's still just noon... How many more of these men must I take...?)
Mistiora "Ghhk... nn, ahh, nmmm...!"
A well-dressed youth is raping Mistiora.
The semen from the previous man pours out and dirties his expensive clothes, but he does not seem to mind.
Mistiora "Hnn...! Nn, ahh, nnmmm...!"
Boy "Wow, your pussy's totally different from my maid's! Your butt's really big too! Talk about lewd!"
The youth plows into her with a pleased innocence, holding onto her from behind and thrusting with his smaller penis.
Mistiora thought she would be able to catch her breath when he stepped up to take his turn, but she was wrong.
Size aside, he moves his hips like any man and seems well-experienced for his age.
Mistiora (Even one so young is a slave to his passions? What is going on in this country?)
She feels a brief dread towards the shattered morals of the Service Nation but resolves not to lose.
The youth's small penis focuses on the shallower parts of her vagina.
Boy "Hey, this feels good, right? My maid always cum when I rub her here!"
Mistiora "Hnn...! Nnm, khh, ah...!"
Though likely unintentional, Mistiora's G-spot has been worked on since the short-cocked man took her.
The constant friction has made blood flow to it, making it swollen and far more vulnerable to stimulation----even to a penis as small and thin as this one.
In fact, the stiffness of youth makes it a perfect match for her weak spot, and it brings forth pleasure.
Mistiora (Ghh... he keeps going where I'm, mmnn, weakest... I-I can't let him stay here long... ghhk...)
Focusing her mind on the sweet numbness of her lower half, she wraps her pussy around the small cock thrashing about inside.
Engulfed by hot meat, his penis begins to throb in yearning as it quickly swells up.
Mistiora "Fff, mm, nnn! Now, spill your seed!"
Boy "Hwah!? Your pussy's eating my dick! Ahh, ahhh!"
The youth lets out a scream, and he stops his hips, his arms still around Mistiora.
Then, his hips make a mighty quiver.
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh...!!")
Mistiora "Nn, ahhh, ahhh... ha...!"
His small penis quivers and fires far more semen than he seems capable of inside her.
His youthful vigor comes through, and his torrent quickly fills her pussy and reverses back, pushing out the other men's cum.
Mistiora (Urgh... it's like my insides are being washed out! Ghhh, nnn...!)
Boy "Ah, ahh, my penis is gonna melt off!"
With an innocent cry, he continues to thrust his penis back and forth as he ejaculates.
Mistiora's body quakes from the pleasure of being cum inside while her G-spot is rubbed.
Mistiora "Ghhk... nnn, nnn...!"
However, she manages to hold back her moans and get through the youth's ejaculation.
He pulls away, and her wet, open pussy feels the outside air.
Mistiora (Ah, ah... it's... been a while, I'm starting to get a little tired, but... there's still more to go...)
She puts on a smile to encourage herself and pays the men a glance.
Mistiora "Now then, whosoever wishes to taste me next, come forward. I'll show you a wonderful time..."
Though well into the evening, the crowd shows no sign of shrinking.
In fact, the crowd has only grown since the sun began to sink, and monsters began to join the crowd to get a piece of Mistiora.
Orc Soldier "Gghh, ggghhlrrk! Bbggg!"
An orc soldier in the throes of pleasure thrusts his proud, enormous rod into Mistiora with enough force and energy to rattle her stocks.
Though her pussy is looser than it was in the morning after going through over a hundred men, it proves painfully tight for an orc.
Mistiora (I cannot believe I am at the mercy of a monster...! Ghhhh...!)
Mistiora bites her lip hard at the humiliation of being raped by a monster.
Yet in an ironic turn, the constant stimulation and accumulated fatigue have made her far more sensitive and susceptible to pleasure than during the day.
The orc's cock is both long and thick, and each thrust tears into her cervix, burning her body with pleasure near impossible to avoid.
Mistiora "Nnn, ahhh, mmm... fff... ahh, nnmmm!"
Mistiora squirms in deferred pleasure with every deep thrust of the monstrous rod.
Simply moving her body is enough to send vibrations through her erect nipples and clitoris, spawning sweet pleasure.
Pleasure she desperately resists.
Mistiora (I'll make this fool cum right away...! I'll make him spill his unsightly seed inside me!)
Mistiora "Nnn... nnn...!"
She clenches her heavy lower abdomen to squeeze the thick cock inside.
Orc Soldier "Grrruhhhh! Gugghhhh!"
The orc moans in pleasure from the clamping and starts to make even deeper thrusts.
Shllrk! Shhp! Shlllp! Gachhhkk!")
Mistiora "Nnn, nnn, kkkk, nm! Ahh, nnnn!"
He tears into her pussy with his girthy, veiny cock, and its head pushes her cervix up again and again.
Waves of scream-worthy pleasure wash over her with each rustling of her womb, and her head fills with mind-destroying white light.
Mistiora shakes her hips, grinding against the orc's cock while desperately resisting the pleasure.
Mistiora "Ahh, nnm, mmm! Nnnn...! Come now, let yourself burst inside me...!"
Orc Soldier "Gggrreeee!"
Splllllrrrrrrt!! Bshhhhhhh!! Bshhhhhhhh, bshhhhhh, bshhhhhhh!!")
Mistiora "Ahh, ahh... ahhh! Mmm... t-there we go. Unleash every last drop! Ggh...!"
The enormous cock throbs fiercely as it launches a geyser of spunk into her pussy.
The semen is so thick and sticky. It is launched with such force that mere ejaculation feels like being thrust into.
Immense pleasure shoots through her body from the heat and impact in her pussy, and she can feel herself burning with heat.
Mistiora "Gwah... nn, ah, nnm, ahh, ahh..."
The orc pulls out his cock, looking satisfied. His semen is thick like yogurt. It shlops out of her cunt and runs down her thigh.
Mistiora (Ghk... that just now... that was a lot... Yet it will take more than that to get the better of me...!)
Mistiora catches her breath as steam rises from her heated crotch.
Mistiora "Ahh, hahh... ahh, all right, whoever is next, come on, do not delay..."
??? "Gyagya, finally my turn!"
Mistiora "Hnn...!?"
A small goblin hops onto Mistiora's hips with a high-pitched laugh and rubs his cock against her.
Mistiora "Ghh...! Cease this! Do not touch me!"
The sight of the goblin revives her trauma of being raped by them in the past, and she lets out a high-pitched scream.
The goblin cannot be the same one who raped her when she was young.
Yet the prospect of being fucked by another goblin makes her shrink back in fear, and her heart begins to race.
Her face grows pale, and she desperately and awkwardly shakes her hips to toss off the goblin clinging to her ass.
Mistiora "B-Begone, you! Begone from me, I tell you, r-remove yourself from my sight!"
Goblin "Quit thrashin', slut! Gyagya!"
The goblin smacks her ass with his small hand and violently thrusts his erect cock.
Shhllk... shhhhbbb!")
Mistiora "Nnnnmmmmm...! Nnn, aaahhhh!"
His man-sized penis, disproportionately large for his small body, slides into Mistiora's pussy.
Though not much different in size or stiffness, his rod feels far hotter than any of the men or monsters thus far.
The goblin begins to wildly thrust into her.
Shllp! Shpshp! Shllp, shhhp!")
Mistiora "Nnn, aahh! C-Cease, mmn! Stop this right now... Ahh, pull that accursed thing out! Pull it out! Ahh, ahhhh!"
Her mind flashes back to the day her virginity was torn away from her. The day she lost herself in pleasure.
How she had been raped by goblin after goblin, had her pussy and womb bathed in semen... and how she had been forced into an unbelievable number of orgasms.
She had been made to cum and cum and cum again until she knew not where she was or what she was doing... and the memory of that unspeakable pleasure bubbles up inside of her again.
Mistiora "Hyaa, ah, ahhh, eeeahh!"
Mistiora (Ahhh! Why must being raped by a vile goblin feel this good...!?)
Her pussy flows with far more juices than before, and her vagina in its entirety hungrily tightens around the rod inside.
Her ass shakes in tune with the goblin's thrusts, and her inner thighs close in rhythm as her entire lower body devours the cock.
Goblin "Gyagyagyah! Look at you, shakin' your ass! You like my cock that much!?"
Mistiora "N-Nothing of the sort...! I take no pleasure in it... nnn! Ahh, aaghh, nnnmmm!"
Every deep thrust sets her core ablaze, and she is assailed by an irresistible, sweet pleasure.
Quivering in pleasure that brings her to the brink of orgasm, Mistiora encourages herself.
Mistiora (I cannot lose! Not here and not now...! I will not... I will never... Ghhk, I will not cum...!)
The goblin's thrusts reach their apex. The monster's nails dig into her ass as he pumps his hips in short, rapid thrusts, rubbing against her pussy with his rod.
Mistiora "Ahh! Ahhhh, ahhh, urrkk... nn, ah, ah, ah, ahhh!"
Not only does she feel a burning, building pleasure with every thrust, but memories of the pleasure of that day keep coming back to her.
She begins to lose sight of where she is and what she is doing.
Her hips quiver and drool rolls down the side of her lips, but Mistiora desperately resists the pleasure.
The goblin eventually gives way first, and she feels his cock trembling in her pussy.
Splllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhh, bshhhhhh...!")
Mistiora (Ahhhhhh, I'm being filled with goblin cum! J-Just like back then...!)
As her pussy fills with hot semen, the pleasure of that old memory comes back to her.
An overwhelming pleasure bears down on her, and she trembles as hard as she can.
Mistiora "Nnn, ahh, ahh...! Aaauugh, uuaahh...! Naah, ahh, eeaah!"
Filled with goblin cum, her pussy contracts in joy. The pleasure shooting through her body even has the edges of her cunt and her sweaty anus shuddering.
She is nearly thrust into orgasm but bites down to resist the push.
Mistiora (Gguhhh... s-still, I have not... I have not cum yet...!)
After having him thrust into her, her body shakes as though it has been broken. Her erect nipples twitch in pleasure, and bubbly saliva slips through her gritted teeth.
Still, she endures.
Her humiliation, however, does not end.
She continues to be raped after that, and each violation brings with it powerful pleasure.
It is as though the goblin's semen had uncovered Mistiora's long-hidden true colors.
Worse, she loses energy with the passage of time, weakening her will to resist.
Mistiora (Guh... ahh, ahh! I... must...endure! Endure! For the pride of... the dark elves...!)
Mistiora (Gwah... f-for the pride of... nn, ahh, Olga as well...!)
Drunk "Urp... you feel real good, miss!"
A drunk is raping Mistiora. His thrusts are awkward and imprecise.
Though it is well past midnight, the line shows no signs of shrinking. There is still a crowd of men standing with full erections, waiting for their turn with her.
The constant fucking has drained Mistiora's energy and made her reactions far duller, but the Legendary Whore is still the Legendary Whore. Her curse brings in men all the same.
Mistiora "Ahh... nnm, ff, ahh, ahh!"
She leaks out a sweet moan every time the cock thrusts into her reddened, raw pussy. It has been through well over a hundred of them today alone.
Though near the limits of her fatigue, pleasure looms strangely high in her ashen senses.
Mistiora (Aghh... Why do I take so much pleasure in this? Am I truly as lusty as he says...? No, that cannot be...)
Mistiora (Nnmm, neither I... nor the dark elves are lustful... and, mm, ahh... I must prove this...)
After recentering herself, she gathers what strength her heavy body has and clenches her pussy, clamping on the drunk's cock to make him finish faster.
Drunk "Ohhh! I'm gonna cum!"
Spllllrrrt... bshhhh... bshhhhh!!")
Mistiora "Ahh, ah, aaahhh..."
Perhaps the man does not ejaculate often because an unthinkable amount of cum blasts into Mistiora's pussy.
Mistiora (Ahh, it's so hot... but that wraps up another...)
She shudders, letting out heated breaths.
Mistiora "Nnn, ahh... ahh, ahh... nmm..."
Though the drunk pulls out his cock, her pussy cannot close right away. Instead, the fresh, yellowed semen pours out in a sloppy wave.
Her vagina is red and swollen, and Mistiora can no longer tell the difference between the pleasure and pain in it.
Quakes pulse through her consciousness, and she feels as though she is floating over the ground.
Mistiora "Ghhk, ah, haah... V-Very well, then, let us see the... n-next..."
??? "Mistioraaaaa!"
A man with a horrific stench to him suddenly clings to her and shoves his rod into her cunt before she can react.
Shllllp! Shwwwrrrp!")
Mistiora "Ghhhhk! W-Who...? T-That voice, you're...!"
King of Eldonia "Mistiora! I have crawled through mud and battled through filth so that I may lay with you once more!"
Though he is filthy and clad in tatters, his voice and shaft give him away----the King of Eldonia, a man of former renown.
He clings to Mistiora and thrusts his hips with a rapid passion like a beast in heat.
Dnnch! Pssh! Shllp, shllp!")
Mistiora "Ahh, ahhh! C-Cease this... g-grant me but a moment's reprieve, ah...!"
His penis was never too large to begin with, and his round, gluttonous body has long faded, leaving his hips far weaker than they were.
Yet the king is one of the men who knows Mistiora's body the most, and his small penis is very familiar to her.
The cock she had spent so much time with tears lustfully into her body, and pleasure swells up in her nether regions against her will.
Mistiora "Ahhh, nnmm, e-enough! You are going to make me c----ahh, nnn!"
King of Eldonia "Mistiora! Oh, even with the cum of hundreds in it, this pussy is still fantastic! You are my precious treasure!"
He pumps away, paying no mind to her words. Thinking this is his last chance, he loses himself in her flesh.
He pushes his loose skin flap-covered hips against her beautiful rump, tasting it as he thrusts his short rod into her cum-flooded pussy, enjoying its rough, shallow regions.
His movements and rhythm are those that make Mistiora feel the most pleasure. It is something he knows too well, and she feels explosions of pleasure all over her body.
Mistiora (Nnnaah, ahh! Creation, it all feels too good, I cannot... Ahh, I'm cummiiiing!)
She nearly loses herself to the pleasure. The pleasure is enough to numb her mind and melt her crotch.
Mistiora (Ghhk, I cannot... let myself cum...! Before I lose myself, I have to make him lose his...!)
Mistiora leans forward as if clinging to her stocks and forces her spasming body to clench.
Mistiora "Fhh... nnn... Cum... inside me..."
The king's cock becomes captive to the force with which her wet pussy clutches it. The sensation is too much for a man who has gone so long without sex, and his hips begin to rock.
Splllllrrrrrrt...! Bshhhhh! Bshhh, bshhhh!!")
Mistiora "Nnn, ahhhh, ahhhhh! Ahh, mmnn, nnnnn!"
Mistiora quivers as the king unleashes all he has in him in blazing white into her womb.
Right after the ejaculation, a pleasure enough to get her to stand on her toes shoots through her, but she desperately resists the oncoming orgasm.
Mistiora "Ghhk, nnn.... hnnn... ohhh...!"
Mistiora looks to the crowd with misty eyes underneath the king, who moans her name as he cums inside her.
The crowd of men waiting to fuck Mistiora has hardly shrunk, even in the darkness.
Mistiora (Come, sun, please rise... I beg of you...)
The men do not stop.
Runaway Boy "Ah, ahh... it feels so good inside you, miss!"
Night Guard "You've become quite the cumdumpster! But alas, 'tis the fate of such a dark elf!"
Hobo "Ahh, this is the best pussy I've had in my life!"
Mistiora (Nn, ahhh... I'm going to cum. Oh, creation, I'm going to cum... but I have to stop myself. I have to endure. I cannot...!)
The town only has the right to lay with Mistiora until dawn. Though all know this, many still get in line anyway, refusing to give up.
Soldier "Hnn, hnnn...! Hey, your pussy's getting loose again!"
Smack! Smack!")
The soldier loudly smacks Mistiora's ass as he violently thrusts into her, prying open her cum-filled cunt.
Mistiora "Nn, ahhh, ahhh! Eahh!"
Her stamina and willpower are sapped, and her pleasure continues to build up, far exceeding her limit.
The constant grinding by stiff, hot rods has left her vagina tingling with a blazing passion from her mouth to her cervix, and the pain of friction now feels like nothing but pleasure.
Her body has grown more erotically sensitive, and her nipples and clitoris are erect enough to hurt. Her ass twitches simply from being exposed to the air.
Mistiora (I'm going to cum... Oh, creation, this time I'm going to cum. I can't go on anymore... I can... I can cum, ahh...!)
As Mistiora shudders while being violated, her eyes gravitate toward the sky and its signs of dawn. She sees a dim light peering over the horizon.
Mistiora (Guh... Dawn is almost here... and when it comes, it will be my victory... Olga's pride and mine will be... safe...)
Mistiora (I must do this for Olga! Ahh... eaah! Just a little longer...!)
The soldier roughly pulls Mistiora back, then violently thrusts forward to ejaculate.
Soldier "I'm gonna fill you up! Clench that pussy!"
Mistiora "Agh!? Uuahh, ah, ahhhh... eep!"
With no energy to clench her pussy, Mistiora simply quivers under the powerful thrusts coming from behind.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhh, bshhhhhhhh...!")
Mistiora "Ah, ahhh, aahh... oohhh...!"
New cum fills her pussy, and Mistiora moans at the sensation.
Even as the old cum flows out when the new cum is blasted in, the cum that makes it to her womb keeps building up. Her stomach has become so heavy with it, and she feels like she's gotten pregnant.
Soldier "Tch, woulda been a perfect pussy if it wasn't so loose!"
The soldier pulls out his cock, and Mistiora collapses over the stocks.
Her bindings are all that keep her standing, and she lets out weak, labored breaths.
Mistiora (How many men has it been...? No, no, the amount does not matter... It is almost dawn, and I have almost... won...)
Mistiora is sure of her victory, but she then hears a voice mocking her efforts. It is Derek.
Derek "You've been putting up a lot of useless resistance for such a slutty dark elf."
Mistiora "Hnn...!"
Blood boiling with rage rushes through her fatigued body.
She turns to face behind her to see her sworn enemy.
Mistiora "Do not mock me, Derek!"
Derek "That was not mockery but a fact. And you know it, I'm sure."
Derek steps forward, and the other men step back in the face of his imposing stature.
Mistiora "Hnn...! Eep! Ur... gh...!"
Just having Derek standing behind her makes Mistiora gasp, forgetting her fatigue.
Derek has laid with her before. He has also raped her mouth.
Yet the penis she feels at her crotch has a heat that crushes those memories under it.
Mistiora (I-It's so hot...! It hasn't even touched me yet, and I can feel its heat! It is unlike any cock I have felt before!)
It is not just the heat, either. In terms of thickness, stiffness, and sheer presence, it gets her instincts going. Mistiora's cum-filled pussy begins to drip with juices.
Derek "If you claim that you and the dark elves aren't simply a pack of sluts, then hold on to the very end."
Derek pushes his erect rod into Mistiora, all the way.
Chlllpp.... shhhlllp! Shpshp!")
Mistiora "Eep! Naah! Ah, aaiie! I-I'm going to... aah, I...uwah!"
He grinds so deeply into her pussy with his first strike that his stiff head slams against her cervix.
Unable to endure the shock, Mistiora squirms as drool rolls down her face.
She lets out a deep moan from the core of her body, sapping what little remains of her stamina.
Mistiora (Ahh, eep! I'm going to cum! He's going to make me cum...! My pussy feels so hot it's going to burn upppp!)
The length of his cock far surpasses that of any mortal man, and its thickness and stiffness are greater than an ogre's.
Derek's cock forces her exhausted body to burn in a blaze of pleasure.
In contrast to Mistiora being pushed to the brink, Derek sternly and mechanically thrusts into her, grinding at her sides from her vulva to her core with his wide-headed penis.
Mistiora "Naaaah!? C-Cea----ahh, w-wait, just... a moment of repr----ahhh!?"
Derek "And why do I need to wait? Come, show me that dark elven pride of yours."
Mistiora "Guahhh! Ahh, nnhhhhh! N-Not so deep, ahhh!"
The waves of orgasm assail her constantly, and though she desperately wishes to endure, her exhausted body and mind do not allow her to resist.
With each thrust seeming enough to bring her to climax, Mistiora casts appearances to the wayside and begs for mercy, thrashing her hair about.
Mistiora "Nnnm! C-Cease this, I beg of you! Stop your movement! You're going to make me cum... Please forgive me!"
Derek does not listen. Instead, he changes the angles of his thrust, mercilessly driving up into her womb.
Mistiora "Kuaahhh! Ah, ahh, ahhhhhh!"
Feeling enough pleasure to make her mind melt, her pussy wraps tightly around his cock, shooting out a geyser of bubbly juices.
Mistiora "Please! I beg of you, ahh... ahh, I'm going to cum! No, no, I, ahhh, I don't want to cum. Please... Please just stop. Just forgive me...!"
Derek "Is it not Olga you should be begging for forgiveness? If your desire to atone is true, then push that orgasm back!"
Shlp, shlp, shhhhp!")
His rod pierces deep, making Mistiora's back convulse as her awestruck cunt devours his cock.
Dizziness assails her, but she manages to stop herself from orgasm as she moans with slurred speech.
Mistiora "Ahhh, nnmm, shease this, I'm, mm, cumming... Forgrive me... Ahhh, sshhtop, ahhh!"
Her stretched brown limbs writhe as he rotates his cock inside her while he thrusts hard.
The friction against her vaginal passage, the powerful thrusts into her cervix, the pain and pleasure of the strikes against her ass, and the pressure of his thick cock against the base of her clit...
The air simply grazing her quivering body is enough to shoot electric currents from her nipples and clitoris to the rest of her skin.
Mistiora "Nnnaaaaaah! Nmm, ahh, I don't want to cum... I don't... Ah, I can't, aagghh!"
The immense cock in her pussy picks up heat and begins to throb, swelling up as thick as a tree trunk.
She squirms and sweats at the sensation of having her pussy pried open from within and vibrations below strong enough to shake her whole body.
Mistiora "Eeaaah! Ah, mm, I can't, mm, take it any... longer... It hurts... It hurts... I'm...!"
Derek "Sounds like you're about to lose. Is that what you want? You're going to throw away the pride of the dark elves and your atonement to Olga?"
Mistiora "Ahhh, O-Olga! Forgiff me, I can't... I can't... ahhh!"
Mistiora "Gaaahhhh! So hot all o'er my... Forgiff me, Olga! Forgiff me, nnn... ahhhhh!"
Derek plunges his immense penis into the deepest depths of her molten pussy.
It pushes her womb up high, making it feel as though he's pushed up her entire body.
Mistiora "Nnnaaaaaaaammmm! I can't take it anymooooore! I'm shorry, I'm shorry, Olllgaaa... Ahhh, Olgaaaaaaaaa!"
Derek "Admit it. You're a born slut."
Mistiora "Gggh, oooooh! Ahh, omm, hah, owahhhh!"
The fist-sized head of his cock slams into her cervix and opens the tiny entrance.
Right as her sweaty body juts up, her pussy contracts hard and a wave of juices washes out from her crotch.
Derek pushes through the contraction, twisting his dick inside her to pry open her cervix.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhh, bshhhhhh...!")
Mistiora "Hghhhhhhh, ahhhh, haghhhhhhh! I'm cumming! This is, ahhh, making me, hnn, gffffffff, cum!"
A wave of semen so thick it seems almost solid blasts through Mistiora's cervix and fills her womb.
Mistiora's vision goes white from the sheer heat scorching her insides.
Mistiora "Ohhhh... s-so much ish... coming out. It'sh sho hot! Agghh, I'm gommiiing...!"
The ejaculation is more forceful and bountiful than anyone before pushing Mistiora far past her bounds of orgasm.
She orgasms again amidst her orgasm, making her let out a high-pitched scream as her pussy contracts as tightly as it can around the huge cock inside it, making her body spasm like a broken puppet.
Derek keeps her skewered on his cock as he continues to pour his seed into her full womb.
Spllllrrrrt, bshhhhh... bshhhhh, bshhhhh!")
Mistiora "Nnn, ghhh, ahh, ahhhh! Gan't shtop gumming...!"
Mistiora's lower abdomen swells up for a moment, then immediately a torrent of semen shoots from her pussy.
The sensation throws Mistiora into yet another orgasm.
Mistiora "Ahh, ahhh... ahhh, gaahh, aaahh, nnn.... ahhhhhh!"
Sweat, tears, drool, pussy juice, and cum all flow from her as she violently orgasms with each throbbing ejaculation of Derek's cock.
Even after he finishes ejaculating, she continues to orgasm, her pussy tightening as if to squeeze out every last drop of Derek's cum.
Mistiora "Nnn... ahh, gghk... ah..."
Derek loudly pulls his cock out of her.
Her hole does not close. Her scorched meat, bearing the wear of hundreds of cocks through the day, gushes out a geyser of semen.
Derek "Hmph. Gave in in the end. Unfortunate."
The light of the morning sun shines on Mistiora, covered in white seed and quivering in the aftershocks of orgasm.
Coated in cum, saliva, and sweat, her body boasts an unspeakably erotic beauty.
Mistiora "Ah... hah... ahh... nn..."
A hoarse moan escapes her dry throat as she vacantly gazes down at the sunlit ground.
Mistiora (Dawn... it's... finally dawn...)
Mistiora (If I had just... endured, a little longer, I would have won... yet once again, I lost to pleasure...)
Mistiora (How foolish I am...)
Blaming herself all the way, Mistiora finally loses consciousness.
............
......
...
#04_mis013
Mistiora (Why...? Why did I make the same mistake again!?)
Mistiora is alone and in utter despair.
Memories of yesterday continue to assail her mind.
She had sworn not to lose herself to pleasure.
After all, Olga's pride depended on it.
She believed that she would not orgasm. Not with the stakes so high.
Mistiora (And yet, at the very end of it, that man... that man...!)
Miserable tears well up on her face.
On the other hand, just remembering yesterday makes her still-pained lower abdomen ache in yearning again.
Her legs quiver and her clitoris begins to grow at the memory of that mind-destroying orgasm----of the joy of such a forceful ejaculation inside her.
Mistiora (Guh... Why? Why am I...? Urgh!)
Overcome with self-loathing, she balls her fists tight enough for her nails to dig into her skin.
Doubt over whether she is truly just a lustful woman after all binds her.
As she tries to dispel her worries and doubts, she hears familiar, heavy footsteps approach her room.
As she tenses up, the door opens.
Derek "Looks like all you proved was that you're little more than a bitch drowning in pleasure."
Derek cuts to the chase with a mocking laugh.
Mistiora's shoulders twitch, shaken.
Still, she looks up at him with resolute eyes.
Mistiora "That... did not count. It was mostly dawn! I made it through the day and night!"
Derek simply scoffs at the show she makes.
Derek "Mostly dawn? I told you to hold out until dawn and not a moment before. Don't try to weasel out a win."
Derek "Admit it. You chose your own pleasure over atonement just like when you lost your right to be queen."
Mistiora "You're wrong!"
Mistiora shouts and raises her fist.
But her will immediately dissipates.
Mistiora "You're wrong... I... I was not..."
Her eyes and voice grow lower as though even she does not believe her words.
Mistiora's beautiful lips quiver.
Derek "Why do you deny your lustful nature? What is wrong with drowning yourself in pleasure?"
Mistiora "Everything, of course! Do you... have any idea what happened to Olga, to my sister, because I did!?"
Mistiora "I have to atone! I have to make it up to her! If I don't, I..."
She had sent Olga, whom she loved and admired more than anyone, to hell with her own hands.
That belief, that guilt, still has an iron grip on Mistiora's soul.
Derek "All right. If you wish to atone that badly, if you are truly that stuck on Olga, then I'll end it all."
Mistiora "W-What are you...?"
Derek "You know what happened to Olga, right?"
Mistiora "Hnn...!"
Mistiora trembles far more than before.
She knows, of course. How could she not?")
A cruel smile comes over Derek's large mouth.
Derek "They say the Mercenary King Vult made Olga bear his child----the child of a human."
Derek "Meet the same fate as her, then. Bear the child of a human, Mistiora. That will be your atonement."
Mistiora "I-I... but...!"
Mistiora's pupils waver with confusion.
Mistiora (Me? Impregnated by a human? As Olga had? That... may allow me to move on, but...)
Mistiora (Can I really... let it all end? I have lived to atone to Olga and nothing else... I had lived for my unending repentance, and yet...)
There is no hesitation in her resolution. It is unyielding.
Yet her eyes wander, gravitating towards her nether regions.
Her womb is tingling hot. Unbearably so.
As Mistiora gulps, Derek grins.
Derek "I'll bring your atonement to an end."
#04_mis014h_mis07
Derek has taken Mistiora out to the town square, and Mistiora climbs the platform set up in its center.
Spectator "Ohhhhh! There she is! There she is!"
Spectator "Get the show started already!"
The square is crowded, filled with people as far as the eye can see. The crowd erupts in cheers the moment Mistiora shows herself.
She recoils in distaste, and Derek clutches her slender waist when she steps back.
Derek "Heh, not thinking of running away, are you?"
Mistiora "Not on your life...!"
Derek "Glad to hear it. Let's get started, then."
With that, Derek slips his pants down, hoists Mistiora up like she weighs nothing, and jams his erect cock into her.
Shhrrk, shlllp! Shpshp, shrrrp!")
Mistiora "Ghh... nn, aaa! Ffaah!"
His raging cock pries Mistiora's pussy open and pierces all the way to her core.
The impact of his thick, stiff rod, hard as steel and large as a monster's, sends Mistiora's body thrashing back in pleasure.
She had tasted his cock and the orgasms it brought fully and completely days ago, and feeling its shape brings those memories back----as well as the pleasure.
Mistiora (Gh...! His dick, it's... even hotter and thicker than before! It feels like I'll climax just from him sliding it in! Ahh, nnnmmm!)
Pleasure like lightning striking runs up her back again and again, and she begins to tremble in a bout of sweat as she nearly faints in his arms.
Mistiora grits her teeth as hard as she can, holding back the heat raging in her lower abdomen.
With no outlet, the pleasure gathers around her nipples and the tip of her clitoris, making them quiver in joy.
Mistiora "Ghhk... nnn, mmm...!"
Derek pays her squirming no mind. He opens her legs with the hands on her waist and shows the crowd their connection.
Mistiora feels the crowd's intense eyes on her juice-soaked crotch, and her heart begins to race.
Derek "You can see all those eyes, can't you? Men from all over the city are here again, all waiting to see me give you a baby."
Mistiora "Nnff, mm, ahh, ghkk, ahh... t-that's... nn...!"
Derek's words bring the sweet taste of the tonic she'd just drunk back into her mouth.
The area they are in, the town square, is the largest gathering spot in the city.
Mistiora hates it. First, it was where she was auctioned off, and then it was the site where she was raped for an entire day in her wager with Derek.
And today, the whole city is out in force to see her impregnated.
Before taking the stage, she had been given a tonic by Derek, one that guarantees pregnancy. Though hesitant, she drank it all down.
Mistiora (I... What in the world do I want to do? What do I want to become? Am I... t-truly going to bear Derek's child...?)
Her teeth rattle from the overwhelming pleasure as she looks down at the crowd.
Mistiora's heart has been in flux since that day.
Part of her believed Derek that choosing the same fate as Olga would be her atonement to her sister. Yet, she keeps feeling the desire to reject it.
She cannot help but suspect that Derek is plotting something. And even if this is part of her atonement, she feels immense disgust at the idea of bearing the child of one of a lower race... of a mere human.
Yet, another possibility is clear to her. Perhaps enduring such a horrific experience, perhaps casting aside her pride as a dark elf and suffering the same humiliation that Olga had would be true atonement.
Mistiora (Y-Yet, even should I... b-bear his child... nnn, what will lie ahead...?)
Her lower abdomen and womb burn with a cramping heat.
Her body begins to shake with such intensity she can no longer bring her teeth together.
With a thin smirk, Derek whispers into her ear.
Derek "Let's hear you moan, bitch. Show them how slutty you really are."
Without warning, he begins to slam his cock in and out of her, striking true at her womb.
Ghhhchh! Dlllch! Shlllp! Shhrrrp!")
Mistiora "Nnn, aahh, aaaghh! Nnmm!"
The head is large and hard like a fist. It tears into her cervix. She lets out an unendurable moan as pleasure pours out from her core to the rest of her, and she bounces on his dick.
His mere insertion was enough to bring her close to orgasm, and her pleasure was nearly on the brink to begin with.
And now, she has to endure the powerful thrusts coming from Derek's immense frame.
A single thrust shakes Mistiora's body like she weighs as much as a feather, and he continues unleashing them.
Assailed by pleasure enough to make her climax on the spot, she stretches the toes of the legs Derek is holding high.
Derek "They say the sluttier the woman, the more she loves having her womb plowed. And it looks like you fit the bill."
Mistiora "Eep! Ghhh, n-no, you are wr----ahh, nnnn!"
Sweat wets her whole body, and though she squirms while dripping with drool and juices, she refuses to verbally admit to her pleasure.
She knows that if she admits it, then everything she has believed until now will collapse.
Mistiora "Aann, ghhhk, mm, gghhk, grrrkk!"
Her pussy spasms from the roughness of his thrusts and sprays thick, white juices from itself.
Still, she desperately tries to stop herself from moaning, gritting her teeth to fight back the pleasure.
Unlike before, she does not ask Derek to stop.
Mistiora (Ah, ahh... I will not cum...! I-I will endure... all the pleasure he throws at me...!)
Mistiora (Of course... I might be... nnn, bearing his child to atone to Olga... but...!)
Mistiora (It is not... absolutely, absolutely... nnn, not for pleasure...!)
Seeming to pick up on her resolution, Derek lets out a low chuckle.
Derek "Wasted effort. This is a public fucking. Be honest with yourself and cum as much as you want."
With that, he begins thrusting more, aiming directly for her womb.
Chllch, shhllp, zchzch!")
Mistiora "Aiiie!? Eeaaah, nnnghhh, nn, aah, aaahhhh!"
Her body bounces up and down in his arms. Her exposed pussy fires out more juices----audibly, no less.
His rough, veiny cock tears into her pussy's wet walls, grinding against them and giving the shallows of it and her clitoris a maddening amount of pleasure.
While his shaft works on her outer cunt, his stiff, massive cock knocks on her cervix, sending numbing shockwaves of pleasure from her womb all the way up to her brain.
Mistiora "Oooohhhh! Aggh, s-so deep, I... ahh, aggghhh...!"
Assailed by pleasure enough to burn away her reason, Mistiora looks at the crowd with despairing eyes.
Everyone present has their eyes glued to her crotch as if to burn the moment of the ejaculation into their eyes.
Mistiora (Ghhk... I can't believe...! Ahh, here it comes. It's going to happen with their eyes on me. I'm going to cum...!)
A shudder telling of her coming climax runs up her spine as the crowd watches, and her wet pussy and womb start to tingle and contract.
Derek "Looks like you're through with the fruitless struggling, then. Cum. Cum as they watch your impregnation."
Mistiora "Nnnaaaaah! Ahhnn, nmmm, hyaaahh! Aggghh, euuhhhh!"
Derek's thrusts become fiercer and faster.
His burning hot rod thrusts into her orgasm-ready, quivering pussy from its entrance all the way to its core.
He pushes her womb up high, and right as she chokes out a scream, he slams another thrust into her womb.
She can feel the heat Derek's cock exudes in her melting pussy.
Mistiora "Ghhk, nnnmm, ahh, I don't... I don't want to cum... I do not wish to cum...!"
Mistiora "Nnn, ahhh...! Ahh, ahh, agahhh! It's so hot...! Nnnaah, inside meeeeee!"
Derek's rod quivers, signaling an ejaculation, and she feels it swell even larger.
With the time of release near, the core of her chest quivers in joyful anticipation.
Mistiora "Ghhhk, nnn, I... I cannot... I will not! I will not cum... I will----nnnnnk!"
Her protests aside, her pussy is already contracting in orgasm, squeezing Derek's cock as hard as it can.
His large head forces her closed meat open, making its way into her core in one last, great thrust into her cervix.
Plllshhh! Psshh! Pshpsh! Dppplll, psssh, pwssh!")
Mistiora "Nnnaaahhhhh! Aaaahhhhhhh! Kaaaaahhh! Nmmmaaahhh!"
Her pussy tightens forcefully in orgasm, and Derek's rod answers with a geyser of white.
His semen, blazing hot like magma, pours into her womb.
Mistiora (Ahhh, so much cum is f-flowing inside me! His thick seed is pouring into me!)
His immensely thick rod throbs greatly inside her tight hole, spewing hot, heavy semen.
The head of his cock and sperm bashing into her womb only deepen Mistiora's orgasm.
Mistiora "S-So hot, I... ggghhh, ahh, ahhh! Aaaaghh, uwah...!"
The tides of semen fill her tight vagina and quickly flow backward, gushing out of their connection.
Plllpp! Psssh! Plpplpl, pssh, pwwssshh!")
Mistiora "Ahhh, ahh, I'm... ahh, nnnn, ghhhhh, nnnmm... ahh, ah, ah, ah, ahhhhh!"
As pleasure runs through her body, she desperately keeps the word cumming out of her lips.
Drool runs down the sides of her mouth, and her limbs twist and spasm like a broken doll's. Anyone can see that she has climaxed.
Yet, she refuses to acknowledge it.
Mistiora (Guh... urgh... if I can just... nn, endure this... If I can get through his ejaculation...!)
For all of Derek's virility, he would have to pause after ejaculating, even if only for a few moments. She would use that time to compose herself... to recover...
Yet, Derek sees right through Mistiora's plot.
Shhrrk! Shlllp! Shhhp!")
Mistiora "Eeep!? Wh----ahh, aaiiie!?"
With his cock still throbbing from the ejaculation, Derek begins to violently thrust into her cum-soaked pussy.
Even with such a vigorous ejaculation, his genitalia is as large as ever----larger, even. It is as though that first bout was just a warm-up.
Though her ejaculation has not yet passed, she is assailed by pleasure enough to overwrite it and lets out a scream.
Mistiora "Gyyyuuuh! C-Can you not cease!? I have already... gghhh, ah, ah, ayahhhh!"
Unlike before, Derek focuses on grinding at the more shallow parts of her pussy.
The thick sperm acts as a lubricant to make his thrusts smoother. Worse for Mistiora, her sensitivity post-orgasm makes her feel the stimulation even greater.
She feels a sensation similar to needing to urinate combined with an overwhelming pleasure that strikes her like a wave.
Mistiora "Ah, ahhh, ahh... guhh, nnn, c-cease this...! I... I am going to... ahh, ahhh...!"
Derek "Oh? Still struggling? Drop the act and cum clean. Ask me to make you cum."
So sensitive is her body that simply hearing him talk behind her... simply feeling his breath on her is enough to make her shudder.
Mistiora "Ahh, uurrr, I... I cannot! That is simply... nn, something I cannot do! Gghh...!"
Mistiora "N-No matter what you say... ghhh! My atonement t-to Olga is... ahh, my, my effrything...!"
Derek "Are you still clinging to that weak lie?"
Derek grabs her legs and opens them wider.
A pile of mixed semen and juices rolls out of her pussy and down his cock.
The crowd erupts in a wave of cheers.
The sound of it makes Mistiora's womb contract with a powerful tingling.
Mistiora "Nnnmmff... ah, aah, ahhh... It is no... nnm, lie, I...!"
Derek loosens his grip on her legs, interrupting her as he pumps his hips more.
Mistiora "Ahh, ahhh! Ah, ahhh! Eep, eaaahhh!"
Previously, he had been pumping into her while holding up her body, making his thrusts slightly more shallow.
With how lightly he holds her now, however, her body falls onto his rod with its own weight, and the head of his cock against her core on her own.
After she falls onto him, he gives her a mighty thrust with his hips, pushing her body back up.
Shllp! Shhhp! Zssshp! Chllp!")
Mistiora "Aaagh! Ohhh... gahh! Ogyah, gahgah... nnaaah! Y-You are going to b-break me! Ahh!"
Derek "Think you'll come around now?"
Thick, white juices splash out of her pussy with a wet, obscene sound each time her body bounces on his cock, her silvery hair splaying in the air.
Lines of dribble roll from her mouth as she moans again and again.
It is clear for all to see that Mistiora is well past her limit.
Still, she continues her resistance and her struggle.
Mistiora "I... I-I...! I will not cum, this, ish m-my, adonemend...!"
Derek "Ask your body if that's remotely true."
Mistiora "Gggaaahh, agah, ahh, aannngghhh! Nmm, urr, ahh, ahh, aaahhh!"
Derek aims for her deepest depths and unleashes a series of hard thrusts.
Buried inside her pussy on the brink of orgasm, Derek's rod suddenly heats up.
He takes his nearly fire-breathing rod and jams it as deep into her core as it can go.
Mistiora "Nnaaaaahhh! Aahh, agghh! Nnmm, ooooohhh!"
She nearly feels as though her cervix has been pierced clear through, and the impact blanks her mind out as she orgasms.
And as she screams in overwhelming pleasure, Derek finishes her off by pouring his seed into her.
Pssshh! Plllsh! Pshsph!")
Mistiora "Aaaggaaahhh...! Eaaaahh, t-they're... so much, nnn, shooting inside me...! Ahh, your seeeed!"
Seed far thicker and more numerous than his second shot has any right to boast smashes into her cervix, pushing her deeper into pleasure.
Even her untouched nipples and clitoris grow, sharpen, and expand, spasming with pleasure.
Mistiora (He's just raping me, but I can't stop cumming! And why is his seed so hooooot!?)
Mistiora (Ahhh, with all of this shooting inside me, he's... he's going to impregnate me! I'm going to bear his... I'm really going to bear his chiiiild!)
The sensation of semen filling her lower abdomen makes her all the more sexually sensitive.
Yet, as her last shred of pride, she simply will not say that she's cumming.
And though she manages to hold off on saying that...
Bbccch, dlllch! Zrrrch! Blllsccchh!")
Mistiora "Nnnggghhhhh! Oh, ohhh! P-Please! Enough! I can't... I can't, nnnaaah, aahhhh!"
Once again, Derek starts thrusting his hips again before his ejaculation ends.
His cock is as vigorous as ever after two ejaculations----no, it only gets firmer and hotter, and the speed of his thrusts only grows.
As he grinds against her passage with powerful thrusts that strike at her cervix, Mistiora's orgasm continues unending.
Mistiora (He's... he's made me come so many times, but he's still plowing into m-me... ah, ahhh!)
Mistiora (I just keep coming! H-He's not going to let me stop!)
Her fluid-covered hips jut back and forth, and her open, suspended legs kick at the air through shudders.
Her climaxing pussy tightens and loosens again and again, unleashing a spray of unknown liquid each time.
She has fully lost control of her body.
And as he violently thrusts up into her, she feels another orgasm coming to pile on her current climax.
Mistiora (Ahhh, this feels so good I'm going to lose my mind! I... I'm going to lose myself...!)
Her womb, having taken its second bout of semen, burns with a heat greater than it ever has. It pulsates like a separate creature.
As if to say it wanted more inside of it.
Mistiora "Ahhh! No, cease this, no more, no more! Rape me no longerrrrr!"
She squirms, screams, and cries, but Derek clamps her in place as he mocks her.
Derek "High time you stopped lying to yourself."
Derek "Atonement? Don't make me laugh----you were just being fucked by men and calling it atonement because you could not accept your own lust!"
Derek "And what's wrong with being lustful? If seeking pleasures of the flesh is what you want, then accept yourself!"
Gllllcchhh!")
Derek unleashes a mighty push against her womb, and she feels an explosion of pleasure below.
Mistiora "Hyaaaahhh! Ahhh, ahhhh!"
So powerful is her orgasm that her back creaks, and her brain catches fire. She screams her lungs out, losing herself in the pleasure.
It rocks her entire body, and her pussy twitches around Derek's cock, leaking fluids.
Mistiora (I-It feels so good, too good, oh, creation! My pussy is going to go maaaad!)
Legs held wide open and crotch full of cock, Mistiora screams and squirms again and again.
Even those far away can tell how wild her passionate thrashing is because the square erupts in cheers again.
Mistiora (Urgh... T-They're watching me... They're seeing my shame! They're seeing me bring shame to my people!)
Derek speaks into her ear in a low voice as he thrusts into her.
Derek "Raise your head. Face the crowd."
Mistiora "Nnaahh...! Ah, aaphh, mmmnn!"
At Derek's urging, she finds herself facing the crowd.
Then, words of meaning find her ears through the din of the uproar. Words she does not wish to hear.
Audience Member E "She's cumming again! Goddess, she's so sexy I can't stand it!"
Spectator F "I've never seen a woman cum with a face that horny!"
Through her rocking vision, bouncing up and down from Derek's thrusts, she can make out the men's lustful eyes. They are looking up at her, enchanted.
Derek "Everyone accepts how lustful you are. How lewd. They accept you."
Mistiora "Ah, ahh... a-accept... ahh! Hah, haaaah, haaah...!"
Their passionate eyes become like tongues and lick at her skin. It feels like they each become little dicks in their own right and rub against her.
Her constant orgasms have made her as sensitive as can be, and simply being aware of their eyes is enough to open every pore on her body and make shocks run down her spine.
Derek "You've only gotten started at the pleasure game. Come on, I know you've got a lot more than that in you..."
As Mistiora drowns in overwhelming pleasure, Derek's words burrow themselves into her brain.
Derek "Now, show us who you truly are, Mistiora. Take off that mask of yours for us all to see...!"
Mistiora (Who I... truly am...?)
The first thing that comes to mind is herself when the goblins tore away her virginity.
She moaned, she thrashed, and she came again and again as she sought cock... and she had thought it was all because of the aphrodisiac.
Yet, was that ultimately true?")
Was Derek right? Was her true self simply seeking pleasure?")
Mistiora (No, that can't be... yet, perhaps...)
Since then she has passed through many a kingdom, sharing beds with countless kings and heroes. Much later, she was captured by the Service Nation and subject to constant sexual humiliation and forced to take client after client.
Yet even in such hideous circumstances, she came again... and again.
Mistiora (I... I truly am a... lustful woman...!)
The moment she admits it, a wave of pleasure crashes down on her.
Mistiora "Nnnghh! Aaiie, ooohhhh!"
Seeing Mistiora howl like an animal, Derek smiles, satisfied. He pulls back her juicy ass, driving his cock in all the way up to the base, and he begins to twist it in her core.
Mistiora "Nnmm, nnnnk, gggghhh! Eeaiip, t-there! Right there! Keep, nnmm, grinding inside me, ahh, ahhh!"
Her sweaty brown legs twitch in tune with Derek's thrusts, and her voluptuous hips begin to sway. She begins grinding against his hips of her own volition.
Gcchh, grrrk, shllp, nyyrrt!")
Yet, she does not move her hips to encourage the man to hurry up and finish like she had before. No, she grinds away to seek her own pleasure, following her instincts.
Mistiora "Nnnmm, aahhh! I'm going to cum agaiiinn! My womb, I'm going to cum from my wooomb!"
Derek "Oh? You want to cum from your womb?"
Mistiora nods, her face red.
Mistiora "Ah, ahh! I feel it coming... I want to cum... I want to cum! Keep thrusting into my womb... Fill it up... Give me your child... Make me cum!"
Derek "That's the real you. Don't forget it."
Derek draws Mistiora's hips in and begins to beat out a hard rhythm against her core.
He pries open her orgasm-shut cunt and smashes against her womb, lowered in expectation of fertilization.
Mistiora "Nnn, ahhh, yessss! Deep! Deeper! Oh, creation, deeper!"
With every shake, with every thrust into her womb, a wave of shattering pleasure shoots all the way up to her brain.
Though her body spasms in pleasure like a broken puppet, she keeps passionately swaying her hips.
Mistiora "Nnnmm, ohh, yes... yessss! I can feel you grinding my womb, just grinding it, ahhh! Ahh, mmm, aaaaghhh!"
Derek moving his hips is all it takes to give her a short orgasm, and she has them again and again.
The constant orgasms have made her cervix softer and more pliable, and it wraps around Derek's invading head.
Her cervix sucks up his head as if kissing it like lips.
Mistiora "Ahhh, ohhh, now, there... Right there... Just... blast me with your cum, ahh, nnnaaah!"
Mistiora "Ahh, make me cum... Make me cum! Fill my womb with your seed, it wants it!"
Mistiora throws her arms around Derek's neck, her mind is only on coaxing out his ejaculation.
Derek holds her body in place with his thick arms and makes a thrust strong and deep enough to tear through her belly.
Plllssshhhh! Pssshhh! Pwsssh! Pllp pllllp! Pwssshh!")
Mistiora "Nnnaaahhh! Oh, here it comes! Here it comes! There's so much... so much cum inside me! My womb, it's overflowiiiiing!"
His rod tears through her cervix, invades her womb, and unleashes a torrent of hot, milky white.
Mistiora's womb tightens up as if gulping down the semen pumped into it.
Mistiora "I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cummiiiing! I'm cumming from all the cum in my woooomb!"
Joy and orgasmic pleasure, dizzying to the mind, strikes her whole body, nearly rendering her unconscious.
Feeling her body nearly melt from the overwhelming orgasm, she finally vocalizes that she's cumming, screaming out the word she has resisted for so long.
The more she screams, the lighter her heart feels as she releases herself from her self-imposed chains----in turn, this only deepens her orgasm.
Mistiora "Ahhhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming again! I just can't stop cummiiiiing! My womb loves all that cum inside! The cum won't stop comiiiing!"
Her womb tightens around the head of his cock, and her cervix tightens around his shaft, demanding even more semen.
Derek's dick obliges, lunging up once more.
Plllshh! Pwwwsshhh! Pshsph, psswwssshh!")
Mistiora "Nnnmm, ahh, aiiieeee! Oh, creation, here it comes again. All straight into my womb! Ahhh, I love cumming from my woooommmbbb!"
Each time Mistiora sways her hips in orgasm, ground-up semen splashes out of her pussy and over Derek's cock.
The crowd forgets to cheer and completely loses themselves in her lewd dance.
And all that Mistiora does before the crowd is sink into a deep and obscene pleasure.
Mistiora "Ghh... ahh, haah, haah... oh..."
Even after Derek has finished his long ejaculation and pulled his cock out, Mistiora is fatigued and unmoving.
Her breaths are labored, and her palpitations violent. Her limbs are numb and feel heavy like they are stuffed with cotton.
Yet, her heart feels more fulfilled than it has ever been.
No longer is fear or worry in her breast, but a warm satisfaction----as well as in her lower abdomen.
Mistiora "Ahh... nnm... ah... What a... What a waste..."
Because Derek pried her pussy open to match his size, a massive glob of his semen is shot out.
When she turns down as if to follow it, Derek speaks into her ear.
Derek "Now that's enough of your atonement business. From now on, you serve the Service Nation as one of our whores."
Mistiora "Hnn...! Ah, ah..."
Mistiora's shoulders shudder a little.
Even after such a lurid display, part of her still wonders if this is the right path.
Derek "I'll be the one to decide how you live. Shut up and follow me."
Mistiora "Ghhk...!"
His is the voice of a ruler, one who will hear no objection. It wipes away any doubt she had.
The days she has spent in the Service Nation replay in her mind.
Being sold at auction, being raped by a roper, being plowed into by a magical dildo, being violated again and again in the town square...
...and the experience she has just gone through of being subject to orgasm after orgasm, seeking to deepen her pleasure, and going as far as she could...
Mistiora "I-I... I..."
Her lips shudder.
Seeing that, Derek looks downwards and makes a quick signal. Men then come up to the stage, one after another, cocks out.
Mistiora "Ahh... nn... ahh?"
Mistiora is surrounded by cocks, erect and to the point of bursting. They look on the verge of ejaculation.
A choking masculine scent and passion fill the air, and the men's lustful eyes crawl all over Mistiora's body.
The mere sight of them is enough to get a chill of anticipation to run down her back, even after her storm of orgasms.
Derek "You know what to do, don't you?"
Mistiora (I am... a lustful woman, and... a whore. A whore of the Service Nation.)
Letting out heated breaths, she slowly reaches to her crotch.
Mistiora "Gaze upon me... all of you... this is the pussy of a dark elf who has become a whore of the Sevice Nation."
She slowly opens her reddened hole for them to see, still twitching in the aftershocks of orgasm and caked with thick semen.
The frills on either side of her hole drip with cum, and her reddened meat glistens like a crimson ruby.
Man A "W-Whoa... look at that dark elf pussy!"
Man B "It's got such a gloss to it... It looks smooth as silk!"
Her pussy is filled with whisked, bubbly, half-solid cum. It has all but become a semen container, and the men devour it with lustful eyes.
Mistiora gazes back at them and smiles.
Mistiora "Haha... look at you all! Your dicks are so full to the point of bursting... Do you wish to pour your seed into this hole of mine as well? Do you also wish to impregnate me?"
Man C "Y-You bet...!"
Mistiora "Very well... then bring a rain of your burning seed onto my pussy. Fill it with your semen!"
She opens her labia wide and sticks out her hips.
The men cheer and begin to jerk their cocks.
Man D "You're gonna bear my kid, lady!"
Man E "I-If possible, I would like you to have my child...!"
Pllssshh! Pssshh! Pwwwssh! Pllp, pllp, plllp, pllllp!")
Mistiora "Nnnmm, nnaaah! Oh, your cum... your fresh, hot cum, it's pouring into my pussy...!"
Streams of white semen sail through the air from countless cocks and rain down onto her cunt.
The men's reek, their heat, the thick sensation of their cum, and most of all, their burning lust combine to hit Mistiora with a light orgasm.
Mistiora "Nnnhh, ahh... ahh, I'm cummiiing! My womb is roiling once again with your seed!"
Mistiora "You... have more in you, do you not? Cum! Pour every last drop into this pussy of mine!"
She opens her pussy wider, trembling with pleasure.
The men do not stop rubbing themselves, and even more semen rains into her cum-filled cunt.
Mistiora "Nn, oohh, ohhh! The cum, it's mixing inside me! So much of it is filling my womb, ahhh!"
Billions of sperm assail the egg in her womb.
Eventually, the strongest sperm pierces the egg, becoming a child...
Mistiora (Ahh... at long last, my atonement is finally... complete...)
Something deep in her heart collapses.
Was it her feelings of guilt? Or perhaps...?")
Mistiora "Heh, heheheh... hah..."
She cannot know if the sounds she makes are from joy or sadness.
............
......
...
#04_mis015
Time passes...
The entertainment district of the Service Nation is visibly busy today.
It is shockingly crowded. There is a popular place with a line wrapping around it.
The men all grin as they wait in line to enter the brothel.
It is the most popular one in all the Service Nation.
Men push passed one another to at least catch a glimpse even if they cannot get into the high-class brothel today. The high-class whore in that brothel no guests can separate from her.
That whore is a dark elf.
#04_mis018h_mis08
Mistiora "Nnn, yes, that's good. That wide-headed cock of yours... ohh, it's such a splendid length and thickness too. It's just melting my horny pussy...!"
Mistiora sits atop a man's waist on a beautifully decorated stage, taking his erect penis deep into her cunt.
Her stomach has ballooned in size, and the day of her delivery is near.
A human child is inside her belly.
Mistiora shows her belly off proudly as she swings her hips atop the man.
Mistiora "Nnmmf, ahh! Oh, my baby just moved. Looks like she's pleased with this girthy cock too!"
White juices pour from her pussy, running down the thick cock inside of it. Mistiora looks down at the man with an alluring smile.
Mistiora "My children are all girls... and you've got quite the package, pleasing a woman not yet born!"
Mistiora "I'll have to... mmm, punish this big, bad cock with my wet pussy... Mm, take this!"
She runs her crimson tongue over her lips and begins to grind her thick hips over him.
Nnncch! Shllp! Shhhp!")
The swing of her hips is perfect for the show she is putting on.
As she moves her hips up and down in rhythm, his cock slides in and out of her open pussy, and the jewelry affixed to her belly button, erect nipples, and clit sparkle under the light.
The sight of her joyfully drowning in pleasure, yearning and grinding on the man's cock, is unbelievable to any who knew who she had been.
Mistiora "Aahh, mmm, ohh, that's it! This dreadful cock filling my pussy... Ohh, how it pleases me!"
Mistiora "And my jeweled clitoris... Nnmm, it's erect with joy, and my cunt won't stop leaking its juices!"
The large audience before the stage cases up at Mistiora's erotic show with utterly spellbound eyes.
Guest A "Look at her go at that dick, all while pregnant! Goddess, it feels like I'm going to cum just hearing Mistiora's voice!"
Guest B "That's Lady Mistiora to you! She's a natural-born whore. One with beauty and lust that surpasses any other!"
Beautiful, brown half-elves are servicing the men watching the show, whether at their feet or on their laps.
Their noble, beautiful faces are melting from pleasure as they grind and suck on the men themselves.
Half-Elf Girl A "Ahh, aahhhnn! Come on! Don't get distracted! Put that cock deeper inside me!"
Guest A "Ah, r-right, sorry. Don't worry, baby, I wasn't getting bored with you or anything!"
Guest B "Yeah, and I was tripping over myself to get a reservation for today!"
The men quickly try to cheer up their sulking partners.
Though not matching Mistiora, the young half-elves in the room are a cut above the rest in lustfulness and erotic feel.
They say that to bed them once is to lose one's ability to be satisfied by a human whore ever again.
One of the half-elves puts her arms around her man's neck.
Half-Elf Girl B "Mhmhmhm, then give me a lot of that cock, will you? And don't just look at mother, either."
Half-Elf Girl C "My pussy's just every bit as nice and tight as mother's too. See? Come on, just... mmm, try it."
Another one smiles at her man and wraps her pussy around his penis, contracting on it hard.
All of the half-elves servicing the men are Mistiora's daughter, born of human seed.
Born and raised in the Service Nation, they feel no shame toward their desires, nor do they have any sense of limit to them. They seek pleasure with no reservation.
Though the men steal glances at Mistiora as they move, they begin to pump at the half-elves who moan and writhe in kind.
Mistiora's Daughter A "Ahh, ahh, nnaahh! More, more, deeper, my lord! Ahh, I love this hard cock!"
Mistiora's Daughter B "Wow, it's so big! Ahhh, you're remaking my pussy to fit this huge cock!"
Mistiora's Daughter C "Aahhh, such a strong, fierce dick! Nnmm, ahh, please, mmm, taste more of my pussy...!"
From the stage, Mistiora watches her daughters sway their beautiful bodies as they devour their clients' cocks. Pride swells within her breast.
Mistiora (Oh, my beautiful daughters... They lie not to themselves and live as they are, living in honesty...)
Mistiora (Haha... Oh, they're all going wild with joy from those cocks... Well, I cannot fall behind!)
With an alluring smile, she tightens her cunt around the thick cock inside and begins to rotate her hips around in a circle.
With every shake of her hips, her vaginal walls, meatier from her pregnancy, envelop the man's rod.
The man squirms in pleasure. It feels like his entire rod is both being rubbed off and sucked on, causing him to writhe from the sublime pleasure.
Mistiora "Mm, ahh... ahh, your cock is swaying inside me, and I feel it shaking... Ohh, I love this trembling...!"
Her accessories glitter under the stage lights. Her connection with him makes a loud, wet noise as her beautiful brown body shudders in pleasure.
His veiny cock is deep inside her reddened pussy. It begins to quiver, signaling its coming eruption.
Mistiora "Ahh, mmm... Hold, now, don't cum just yet. Let me enjoy that wide-headed cock of yours some more... Ahh, mm, nnn, right there...!"
As she swivels her hips over him, her nipples stretch through the hooped jewelry over them, hard.
The sweet pleasure of the base of his cock grinding against her clitoris and the harder joy of his large glans knocking on her cervix rock mix with the prickling on her nipples to make her throw herself back in joy.
Mistiora "Ffffhh, ohh, stimulating my nipples like this... Mm, it makes my hungry pussy tighten so much more... You like it, don't you? Mmm, nnn!"
As she moves her hips with her nipples stimulated, the friction in her cunt along his shaft and the contraction in her core bombard his cock with two sources of pleasure.
Mistiora "Nnn... Just look, look at these huge nipples... They lactate sometimes, you know. It has the same color as semen, but it smells and tastes sweet as honey."
This seems to excite the man as more veins grow visible on his dick.
Mistiora feels it inside of her and tightens her pussy, changing to bouncing up and down on him to coax out an ejaculation.
Mistiora "Nnmm, how does it feel to fuck a pregnant woman? Mm, quite nice, doesn't it? My pussy has swelled and is nice and smooth, is it not?"
Shhlllcch, zlchzlchzlch...! Shhpp, shlllp!")
Mistiora "Come now, how about releasing already? Nnmm, I know you wish to fill my pussy with your lust-filled cum, don't you?"
The man shouts through pleasured moans.
Man C "Ghhk, Mistiora! I'll cum in you as many times as you want! Just bear my child next!"
Mistiora "Oh? As many times as I want, is it? Can you keep cumming, then, until you fill my womb with your seed?"
Man C "I-I will, so... w-when you bear my child, I want you and my daughter... I want both of you to pleasure me! Mother and daughter!"
As the man looks up at her with yearning eyes, Mistiora gives him an alluring smile as she moans.
Mistiora "Heh, such a powerful desire and thrown at me with such honesty... How cute! How adorable!"
Mistiora "Then make me cum with that huge cock of yours... Then I will allow you to spill your seed in my pussy!"
Mistiora moves her hips with more vigor, and she begins to smash her blazing core against his cock more.
The audience no longer cheers but instead loses themselves in the sight of her passionate sex.
The half-elven girls service the men's cocks with more enthusiasm in hopes of exciting them further.
Mistiora's Daughter A "Nnnaahh! Ohh, your cock has gotten so much bigger... seeing mother mate has gotten you that excited, huh?"
Mistiora's Daughter B "Y-You can use my pussy while you watch mother get her brains fucked out! Make this daughter's pussy feel good too!"
Mistiora's Daughter C "Me too! Me too! Give me your seed, too! Fill my half-elf pussy with your blazing cum!"
The excitement in the room builds.
The feminine scent wafting from the women is so thick it seems visible, and the smell stiffens the men's cocks further.
Mistiora "Nnmmm, ahhnn! See, everyone is looking... they are watching us mate like beasts of the field! Oh, deeper, mm, yes, right there, ahhh!"
Mistiora moves her hips back and forth each time the swelled head of his cock strikes against her cervix.
When her hips shake, the jewel on her erect clitoris leaps and glitters, bubbly pussy juices running down his veiny cock.
Mistiora "Come on! Slam your cock into my cervix... Then twist it...! What? Are you going to cum before me? Mmm?"
Mistiora "If you want me to bear your child, slam into my womb and make me cum! Mmm, harder! Go rougher! Slam into my uterus!"
When the man begins thrusting harder, Mistiora moves her hips slyly, guiding him to thrust the hardest into her core.
As her well-used womb shakes and spews pleasure throughout her whole body, Mistiora squirms and wriggles in joy.
The man's cock swells harder at Mistiora's erotic display, and he thrusts his hips in harder.
Mistiora "You're going so hard it feels like you'll impregnate me with your precum... Ahh, ahh! Ohh, how I love mating... mmm!"
A shock runs down her spine from his passionate thrusts, and as her body grows more aroused, merely touching the air electrifies her nipples and clitoris with pleasure.
Her mind becomes aware of the weight of the piercings on her nipples and clitoris. It is something she often ignores. It feels as though lustful hands have grabbed and begun to rub them.
Mistiora "Ahh, nnmm! Ahh, ohh, it feels so good! I'm quite... mm, fond of that thick cock of yours!"
The pleasure from the jewelry on her nipples, belly button, and clitoris, the sensation of the cock prying open her cunt, and the sweat running down her anus... generates sparks of pleasure explode all over her body, and she trembles in ecstasy.
Mistiora "Ahhh, your cock, it shakes and quivers! Is it almost time? Ahh, mmm, it's almost time for you to blast your load into me?"
Mistiora "I'm about ready myself... Ohh, I can't get enough of this dick! I'm... I'm about to cum... Mmm, give it to me... Give it to me deep inside!"
Mistiora brings her hips down hard, welcoming his cock to her greatest depths.
Right as she does, her cervix devours the head of his cock, and it shakes in a frenzy.
Pllsshhh! Pwwsshhh! Psshh! Plllsshh! Psh psh!")
Mistiora "I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cummmiiiiiing! Ahhh, more, more, creation, more! Spill all of your seed in my orgasming pussssyyy!"
The cock inside of her squirms about, firing off a geyser of hot white.
Mistiora shoots back from the force of it slamming against her cervix.
Mistiora "Ohhh, ohhh, it feels so thick! Nnnn, nmmm, aahhh! Creation, I'm cumming! I'm cumming again... Your cum is making me orgasm!"
She throws herself back in pleasure, and her large, flying breasts shoot out jets of sweet-smelling milk as if she is ejaculating herself.
Even as she shudders from the pleasure, she continues to move her hips, squeezing the cock as it climaxes.
Pwwssh! Pllsssh! Pwshh, psshh!")
Mistiora "Nnnaaah, more cum! Ohh, how I love human seed... ahh, ahhh! I'm cumming, I'm cuuuuummmiiiiing!"
Mistiora "Hah... Oh, you had quite the cock... Let me squeeze out every last drop..."
As if to squeeze out every last drop remaining in the finished cock's urethra, Mistiora keeps on moving her hips.
Her twitching vagina is still savoring the aftershocks of her orgasm. It wraps around his penis with its hot and wet flesh, extending the pleasure of his ejaculation.
Mistiora "You really did let out a lot... Looks like the girl in my belly won't need milk for a while. Haha, and look at my dears out there. They seem so jealous!"
Mistiora looks down at her daughters pleasuring the men in the audience.
Mistiora's Daughter A "Ahh, such a deep stench of semen...! I want you to cum inside of me just like that! Semen! Semen!"
Mistiora's Daughter B "Ahh, aiie! My pussy is going crazy after seeing that, I'm going to lose it!"
Mistiora's Daughter C "Nnn, nmmm, please my womb just won't stop tingling... I want you to impregnate me too! Please! Pleaaase!"
The girls look deep in heat from the lewd smell overtaking the room, and they start to twist their bodies in yearning.
The men cannot help themselves in the face of such alluring movements and tightened pussies. Everyone in the room is pushed to the brink of climax, shuddering all the way.
Mistiora "Haha... go ahead, all of you, let yourselves finish. To climax while being cum inside of is the highest pleasure."
Mistiora's Daughter A "You can say that again...! Shoot your first load inside me, okay? I'll, mmm, shake my ass!"
Mistiora's Daughter B "You're right, mother! Hey, blow a lot in me, okay? Mmm, just a whole load!"
Mistiora's Daughter C "Me too! Me too! Ohh, this cock is getting jerked off, mm, in my pussy... Ahh, you want to cum, don't you!?"
Looking at her daughters with gentle eyes as they begin to move their hips, Mistiora finds her gaze falls.
She puts a hand on her sweaty, swollen belly and gently strokes it.
Thick semen drips from her vagina, and the remnants of her orgasm linger in her body.
On her beautiful mouth is a smile of genuine happiness.
Mistiora (Oh, dear daughter of mine, yet to be born...)
Mistiora (I hope that you can also taste this joy... and soon...)
As if to answer her strokes, the baby in her belly moves.
#04_rad001
Empress Ladomira.
Rising from being a common harlot to the beloved concubine of the foolish king, she now sits upon the throne as per his will and rules the Service Nation.
She is lustful and lazy. She is truly an impulsive being who selfishly seeks pleasure and decadence.
Yet she is also cunning, devious, and sadistic.
From her slyness, it is rumored that she had the former king murdered so that she could have the throne for herself. It is a rumor many believe.
Of course, none would say this publicly.
Why was someone like Ladomira, farthest from the throne in both character and station, able to ascend to being the empress of the Service Nation?")
The natural traits of her people had much to do with it.
Ladomira is not a human but a tiefling. A people often called succubi or incubi, they feast on dark energies to gain strength.
Dark energy consists of negative thoughts and feelings.
The countless tragedies and debauched orgies of flesh the nation sees every day give rise to the fell aura.
One could say the country is a machine, tuned to generate large amounts of high-quality dark energy.
Her proximity to it all gave Ladomira far more might than the average tiefling.
A normal tiefling has the ability to charm other beings. It is a weak ability, one that can simply draw another's attention and evoke their curiosity.
From the sheer amount of dark energy inside her, however, Ladomira is able to use her power to control who she wants at will.
All must bend to her will, no matter how strong.
She could have controlled the king in her sleep.
Getting his loyal retainers eating from the palm of her hand was child's play.
Such is the story behind Ladomira's long reign at the top of the Service Nation.
Derek (And it's about to all come to an end.)
Walking surefooted down the halls, the smile of a man who has grasped the perfect opportunity is squarely on Derek's face.
Derek (Money, people, power... it's all ready. My being a dog for the Service Nation is finally about to pay off.)
The foolish policies enacted only for Ladomira's pleasure will come to an end.
The nation will be reborn as a greater version of itself, freer and ruled by ever greater desire.
Derek (I will take your throne and rebuild the nation myself into what it is truly capable of being...)
Ladomira "Ah, Derek. There you are."
Derek "Yes, my empress. I hear you have called for me?"
Lounging lazily on her throne, Ladomira flashes Derek an alluring smile.
The throne room is large, but the thick scent of semen is still overpowering.
Kneeling before Ladomira, Derek darts his eyes back and forth.
Her regular guard is three men short. He imagines she had milked them dry on an impulse as usual.
Ladomira "Derek, you seem to be rather enthusiastic in your duties of late."
Ladomira "Not only have you crushed the Holy Alliance, but you have shaped the women captured into such first-rate harlots."
Derek "I have only done my duties and your will, Your Majesty."
Ladomira "How reassuring. But, well, since you've worked so hard and so well, I do believe I need to give you a reward."
Derek "I am honored as can be, Your Majesty, but as I mentioned before, I simply did my duty."
Derek turns her down, acting as the very picture of a loyal retainer.
Ladomira complains in a put-upon tone.
Ladomira "But that will make me appear stingy like a queen lacking in generosity."
Ladomira "Come then, let me hear your desire. Do you wish for a grand station? Power? Women? Or perhaps..."
Ladomira "...you desire this nation itself?"
As Ladomira delivers her mockery, Derek looks up at her with narrowed eyes.
Her mouth is twisted in a pleasant smirk.
Ladomira "I know that you've been shifting around in the shadows, and why you've been up to it. And believe me, you've given me a lot to chatter under the sheets about."
Ladomira "I'm sure you enjoyed your little game of ambition, but playtime is over. It's time for your punishment!"
She slightly puffs out her chest in pride, and her eyes glint with red as she looks down at Derek.
Right as her eyes flash, the air creaks, and a sound like grinding metal fills the room.
Neither the words charm nor fascination could contain the sheer force of energy she emits, immediately grabbing hold of the minds of any living beings in the throne room.
The wave does not discriminate between friend and foe, and the guards posted to protect Ladomira fall to the ground and thrash about, frothing at the mouth.
Ladomira "I am rather fond of you, Derek, so I'll be loving you until you break... and even after you do."
She slowly walks toward him.
The only sound in the room is her high heels stepping on the thick carpet and then the stone floor.
When Ladomira is finally in front of him, Derek slowly stands up.
On his face is neither exhaustion nor wear but a confident smile.
Ladomira "Khh!?"
Derek "What's the matter? Are you already done?"
Derek looks down at Ladomira and gives her a mocking smile at her look of surprise.
Though her eyes are wide in shock, her face reddens in rage.
Ladomira "Don't get cocky because you endured a pinch of my charms!"
Thinking that she had gone a little easy before, she fires off her magic again at full power.
Derek, however, simply smiles, undeterred.
Derek "Did you honestly think I would come here with no preparation? Your power does nothing to me."
Ladomira starts unconsciously stepping back, shocked that her enchantment would be completely negated.
Ladomira "G-Guards! Capture this traitor!"
She shouts for her soldiers.
Yet no men pour in. Not from the front door, and not from the hidden room.
Ladomira "Guards, I said, guards! Your empress calls for you!"
Derek "Call for them all you want. You'll get no answer. The soldiers of this castle all answer to me."
Ladomira "That cannot be...!"
Ladomira falls silent in shock, and Derek snatches up and pulls on her arm.
Unable to resist his ogre-like strength, she finds herself held tight to his chest.
Ladomira "What are you... nnnmm!?"
Derek steals her lips, and something wet rolls down her throat.
She pushes him away on impulse and is released from his arms with surprising ease.
Ladomira "What did you put in m----urgh...!?"
The change begins immediately.
She feels a powerful exhaustion, and her feet begin to wobble.
Derek "I put a gem down your throat, one with the power to reverse the effects of dark energy. All of the dark energy you've been building up is now a poison ravaging your body."
Ladomira "What did you...!?"
She wants to call his bluff, but the heaviness of his body speaks to the truth of his words.
All of the power that had been coursing through her body fades away as if the cork on her energy has been removed.
She tries to use her charm powers but to no avail. It is as though she has forgotten how to use it in the first place.
Even the great black wings extending from her back begin to falter, their feathers falling off one after another.
Ladomira "No, this... cannot be... It cannot be...!"
Not in all her years as absolute empress has Ladomira dreamed she would be so torn asunder. She stands in shock.
And Derek snatches her without the slightest effort.
Ladomira "Ghhkkk!"
Derek "I need you to fall to finish my designs, you see."
Ladomira "Designs? Was it not the nation you desired? What would you want from me then? Hah, my body, is it?"
Derek "I don't give a damn about your body."
Ladomira "Then what is it you want!?"
Derek "Oh, I want every inch of this nation, there's no question there----and I'm using you to get it."
#04_rad002h_rad02
Ladomira "Ghhkk! How dare you...!"
Her body can hardly move. Mostly immobile, she is violently tossed onto her throne.
More feathers fall from her wings on impact, fluttering into the air.
It feels like the more feathers fall off, the more power she loses.
Derek binds her down by gripping one of her breasts with his large hand.
Ladomira "Ghhhkk, nn... ahhh!"
She lets out groans of pain under his crushing grip.
The smug grin on his face makes rage burn up inside her.
Ladomira "Do you honestly think sealing away my charm will be all you need to defeat me?"
She shoots him a provocative smile and lays her hand over his.
She rolls her palm on the back of his hands, pouring the softness of her bountiful bust into it with graceful motions.
Derek's eyes follow Ladomira's movements, seeing them shift to her waist.
She subtly rubs her thighs together, emitting pheromones from her crotch----a feminine scent.
Ladomira deepens her smile when she feels Derek's eyes between her thighs.
Even without using her charm, Ladomira has enchanted countless men with her body alone.
Ladomira "Come, now. Let me guide you to paradise."
Derek "That's a bit of a tall order, now that you're nothing more than a mere woman."
Ladomira "Gh..."
Derek lays on a mocking grin as if to say there's no chance he would be swayed by her body.
Absolutely humiliated, she grits her teeth, realizing she has been played. Derek then lays his massive body atop hers.
Derek "Struggle as you will. I'll make you realize how useless it all is."
Shrrrrk! Shllp, chhhhlllrk!")
Ladomira "Agh! Nnm, ahh, agahhh!"
His burning penis thrusts deep into her cunt.
It opens her passage wide open, and a tight pressure runs through her body.
She has taken Derek's penis into her countless times before.
But never before has it been this hot, this stiff, and this large. His cock was always immense, to be sure, but she has never felt its girth to be this breathtakingly severe before.
Ladomira (What is going on...? Is this also the effect of the stone he put in me...?)
Derek's cock is hot, hot enough to make her sweat.
Yet she feels her pussy gripping around it, seeking that heat.
Ladomira "Nnm, ahh, aaaggh!?"
Derek "All I've done is put it in, and you look like you're already about to go to heaven."
Ladomira "Don't be ridiculous, I----"
Ladomira "Nnnaahhh! Ahhh, nmmmaaah!"
Derek begins to mercilessly pump his hips, cutting her off.
Her inner walls burn with pleasure as his wide head grinds against them.
Before she can quiver from pleasure, her cervix is struck so hard she can see sparks.
Ladomira "Ahh! Gwah, ah, nnmaah! This... ahh, cannot be. It cannot beee!"
As his stiff head strikes her womb hard enough to bend it, she feels a burning pleasure shoot through her body all the way to the ends of her hair.
As she twists in the throes of pleasure, Derek grabs her breast, hard.
It hurts as though he is going to tear it clean off, but she still feels a pulsing, burning pleasure from her womb.
Her vagina contracts even harder, wrapping around Derek's immense cock of its own accord.
Ladomira (What is happening!? I cannot believe this. To think that I... that I would...!)
Ladomira "Nnmmmm! Wahh! D-Derek! Derek! Dereeeeekk!"
It is the first time she thought to hate the man violating her.
Yet though she despises him, she cannot help but feel immense pleasure from his ravishing.
Juices leak from her pussy without end, and her flesh pulsates, guiding his cock deeper into her. Even her womb descends, seeking Derek's seed.
Ladomira "Nnn! Ah, aggh! Your cock, it's striking me deep insiiide! Ahh, nnm, gguoohh!"
He unleashes a piercing strike, deep enough to push back her lowered womb. The push makes her body feel like it is floating.
A tidal wave of orgasm menaces her.
Ladomira (No, no, noooo! I-I am the empress, Ladomira! I can't fold so easily to this!)
Her mind refuses to accept that she can take pleasure in being dominated, violated, and raped. She desperately resists the budding ecstasy.
Yet while her mind resists, her body accepts.
Her cunt vigorously massages Derek's cock, trying to coax the semen out of it.
Derek "Looks like you're desperate to cum from a creampie. I'm feeling generous. I'll grant your wish."
Ladomira "Mmmgghh, nnn, mm! Ahh, ahhh! Y-You don't give a damn about my pleasure. You just want to cum yourself... ahh, ahhhh!"
Though complaining all the way, she cannot hold back her pleasure.
The raging flames from her assailed womb are poised to burn her entire body up.
Ladomira "Ahh, I can't! I can't! I cannot! I-I-I am the empress. The empress of the Service Natioooonnnn!"
Her womb tingles enough to hurt. It is ground into with brute force. She sees sparks from the sheer pleasure that comes with every strike.
She desperately shakes her head and reaches her hand out as if to cling to something.
Ladomira "It's... going to take a lot more than this, so, mmm, much more than this to make me c----ahh, ahhh!"
Ladomira "Nnn, mmm, ahh, I won't cum! I won't! I wooooon't!"
Derek "I allow you to. Go, climax, cum your brains out!"
His cock pierces so deep she swears she can feel it below her belly button.
Her womb spits fire, and Ladomira opens her eyes as far as they can go.
Spllllrrrt! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhh!")
Ladomira "Aaaannnnnnnnnnnnnn! Hyah, ah, aggh, aahhh!"
Molten semen pours into her womb like a crashing wave.
Scorched by the heat, her womb contracts with crushing force.
Yet as if to push open her shrunken womb, Derek's semen pours into it unceasingly.
Ladomira (It's so hot... Ahh, it's so hot and feels so... ghhk, so good...!)
Ladomira (And yet, I won't... I will not... I refuse to...!)
She tenses every muscle in her body, trying to seal away the near-exploding pleasure into her womb.
It's then that she hears Derek's laughter in her ear.
Derek "Now, cum!"
Spllllrrrrt! Gshhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Ladomira "Nnnnmmaaaaah!? Ahh, no, still!? How can you still be cummiiiing!?"
The raging tide of semen continues to pour into her womb with no signs of stopping.
Even worse, his head pries open her cervix and blasts her womb directly with his seed.
Splllllrrrrrrrt! Gshhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Ladomira "Ahhhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cuuuuummiiing!"
Ladomira can only scream in the face of the orgasm of her life.
The sensation of being thrown into a bottomless pit assails her body.
She feels the mana pour out of her.
Yet even that loss feels incredibly pleasurable.
Ladomira "Ah, ahhhhhh! I can't hold it anymoooooore!"
Unable to spare any mental energy to consider what was happening to her body, Ladomira can only continue to writhe in pleasure.
Ladomira "Ahh... ahhh... hahh... ahhh..."
She cannot move a muscle. Powerful fatigue engulfs her.
Her ailment is not only physical. She thought it was a hallucination or misunderstanding during her orgasm, but her mana, her dark energy, her very source of power, has mostly left her.
Ladomira "No... d-don't tell me... my mana is..."
Derek "That's right. Remember that stone I put in you that reverses the effects of dark energy?"
Ladomira "Wait... Reverses...? You mean..."
Until now, Ladomira gained more power the more pleasure she experienced, the more orgasms she had, and the more she made men climax.
And now the tables are turned.
Ladomira "You... You bastard, how dare... you...!"
She reaches out with her trembling, weakened arm in an attempt to strike Derek's cheek.
He instead effortlessly pins it to the bed.
Derek "Today is special. You can cum as much as you want."
Ladomira "Nnmm! Nnnnn! Ahh, gwahhh!"
He begins thrusting into her hard enough to grind into her womb again.
A single ejaculation is not nearly enough to make Derek's penis go flaccid. It has only grown in size, heat, and stiffness as if to say the show has truly begun.
Ladomira "Ahh, ahhh! Nnaah! Ah, ah, ahh! Agh! Aie! Nnaah, ahh, ah, ah, ahhh!"
Her inner passage is melted from her orgasm. It is rapidly torn at by his large, wide head.
Right as she begins to grow numb to that pleasure, he ambushes her with a strike to her cervix. Ladomira shoots her chin up and moans.
Ladomira (I... know I should not indulge in pleasure, and yet... and yet...!)
She desperately tells herself not to climax.
Yet her body does not listen. Her cunt clings harder to his cock, and her walls squeeze it as if to milk the cum out of it.
She finds herself moving her hips in tune with his thrusts.
Ladomira (W-What am I doing!? How could it take so little for me to submit!?)
Derek "Looks like you're chomping at the bit to climax. Go ahead, I'm the one who gave you permission to cum all you want."
Ladomira "Ahh! T-Too rough. It's too rough! I... will endure. I will never... ahhhggghh!"
Derek thrusts faster and harder as if to drive a stake of flesh into her womb.
Each thrust pushes splotches of cum back out of her.
Ladomira notices that she feels it to be a waste of perfectly good seed and finds herself horrified.
Ladomira "Ahh, no, no, anngh! I-I... would not... I...!"
Derek "No? You wouldn't what? I know what you are----you're just a cum-starved whore. You want me to dump another load into your womb, don't you?"
Ladomira "Ahh! ah, ahh, aiiieee! Aah, aaaaaggh! No, I... Not again, I...!"
Derek's penis was hot to begin with, but it takes on a molten temperature inside of her.
His volcanic cock begins to lock onto her womb, tearing in toward it.
It feels like the contact transfers the heat to her womb, and it begins pulsating as it burns.
Ladomira "Ahh, aaagghhh! I have to... nnmm, endure... I... Ahh, my womb. No, my womb! My woooomb!"
Derek "Open wide, here it comes!"
Ladomira "No! Nooooo!"
She does not want to cum, yet she also desperately does. The twin desires war in her heart as her pussy wraps tightly around his cock.
Splllllrrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh, bshhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh!")
Ladomira "Nnnaaaahhh! Oh, no, here it comes. There's so much hot cuuuum. Too much cum! Here it coooomes!"
As if to answer her cries, a torrent of all too thick white goo blasts into her.
It is far too much for a second shot. The tides flood into her womb.
Ladomira "It's so hooooot, aahhh, this cuuuum! It's so hot I'm going to... Ahh, I'm cumming! I'm cuuuuummiiing!"
Ladomira "I'm cuuumming, ahh, ahh, aahhhhhhh!"
The heat in her body reaches critical mass, turning into an orgasm that crushes her.
Her body switches in perfect sync with the pulsing, throbbing cock inside of her.
Ladomira "Ahhh, my mana, it's getting sucked clean out. It's getting sucked all up... and I'm cuuummiiiiing!"
She feels power rushing out of her body again as she orgasms.
It is an unsettling, cold sensation different from the heat of her ecstasy, but she finds pleasure in that too.
All she can do is writhe in the face of overwhelming carnal pleasure.
She simply wants to let go and let her consciousness fade in the typhoon of joy.
Yet Derek will allow no such thing.
Ladomira "Uwah!? Ah, agh, nnn, ahhhh!?"
As her womb quivers with orgasmic joy from the infusion of semen, he slams into it, thrusting it up higher.
As her crushed womb emanates an overwhelming pleasure, a sensation similar to pain rocks Ladomira's skull.
His mighty cock continues to push up on her womb, and she cannot help but feel pleasure in its heat and strength.
Ladomira "Ahhh, n-no, this cannot... be... How can you be hard again...!?"
Her mouth flaps like a fish out of water, and she looks up at Derek while holding back tears.
She has just tasted a raging orgasm, yet her womb burns once again with a hunger for more.
She is unable to hold back the part of her that desires more.
Derek chuckles, seeing right through her.
Splllllrrrrrrrrrt! Gshhhhhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Ladomira "Nnaaaahh! Aaagh, augh, aaaiiiieeeee! Ahh, h-halt! Stop this now, D-Derek, aaaahhhh!"
Derek's penis pushes into her cum-filled womb.
He tears into it with enough force to puncture it from the inside, and Ladomira twists herself back and screams.
She kicks her heels against her bed in an attempt to put some distance between them.
Yet his strong grip on her shoulders stops any escape, and he unleashes a thrust that rattles her every bone.
Ladomira "Hyaaahh! Ooogghh, aaggh, nnm, aaahhh, aaaghhh, I can't! I, ahh, caaaan't!"
With a loud, wet sound, a mass of semen pours out from their connection.
Plenty of Ladomira's own juices are mixed in with it as well.
Ladomira "Agghh, ahh! Derek...! It's not, ahh, too late, aaaghh! I'll forgive you if you... ahh, ahhh!"
She wants to tell him to stop and that they can put all this behind them, but her body seems hungry for more pleasure.
Her legs are digging into the sheets before lunging up and wrapping around Derek's waist.
She thrusts her hips forward, squeezing the cock inside her.
Bringing his dick even deeper, the flames of orgasm burn bright again.
Ladomira "Uuaaah, aaah, your... aghh... Your empress is offering you, nnmmm, mercy. Why will you, ahhh, not...!?"
The flames of pleasure burning up from her womb feel as though they are pouring out from her mouth.
Her body is engulfed in heat both inside and out.
And she knows too well that only one thing will calm the flames.
Ladomira "Ahhh, no, I know I can't... Ahh, I don't want any more of your semen... No more...!"
The last remnants of her burnt-out reason tell her not to seek his seed.
Yet her body, desiring only pleasure, has gone far beyond reason.
Crying bitter tears, Ladomira clings to Derek and twists her hips.
Ladomira "Ahh, I can't hold on any longer. Come on. Come on, hurry! Derek! Derek! Dereeeeekkkk!"
Derek "All right, I'll make you cum with my seed."
With those words of derision, he thrust into her hard enough to pierce her stomach.
Spllllllrrrrrrrrt! Gshhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhh... bshhhhhhhhhhh!")
Ladomira "Ahhhh! Oh, no, here it comes. Your burning hot seed filling my womb!"
Though it is his third ejaculation, it comes in like a raging tide, filling and widening her womb.
She clings to Derek hard, not wanting to let a single drop of cum spill.
Ladomira "Ahhh, I... am the empress of the Service Nation, and yet, and yeeeet!"
She feels the forbidden pleasure of her magic escaping her for the third time.
Pleasure enough to send her into unconsciousness shoots through her body again.
Ladomira "Ahhhhh, I can't! I can't! I caaaaan't! I can't have my servant cum in me like thiiiis!"
Ladomira "Oh, gods, I can't take it anymore! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cuuuumming! This rebellious seed is making me cuuum!"
To Ladomira, orgasm means losing her strength.
She knows this well, and yet cannot help but unleash constant, maddened moans.
Ladomira "Ahh... ann... agh..."
The penis that has so violated her womb finally pulls out of her cunt.
Thick, white liquid sloshes out of her wide-open hole.
She trembles slightly with every drip.
Ladomira "Ahh...nmm... ahh... D-Derek..."
Derek "Hmph. You have lost. Let me give you a fitting brand."
Ladomira "Ahh...?"
Derek grabs Ladomira's horn with his large hand.
She thought he was going to pull her face up. He does not.
His muscles tense as he exerts his arm.
An unsettling cracking sound comes from her horn.
Ladomira "What did you...? No, you could not possibly have..."
Ladomira's exhausted eyes shoot wide open.
Derek grins, baring his teeth like a beast.
Ladomira "Nnn... aaaaaggggghhhhhhhhhh!"
Ladomira bends her back in pain, feeling as though half her head has been torn off.
Her hips begin to spasm, and she shoots out a geyser of urine.
Ladomira "Aaggghhhh! Ah, ahh, ugggaaaahhhh!"
Her vision is painted red, and she falls short of breath.
She feels a pain the likes of which she has never felt before. It is the kind she cannot put into words, and she writhes like an insect that has been doused in boiling water.
Her horn has not simply been snapped.
It had been torn off and nearly crushed by Derek's bestial strength.
Ladomira "Aghh... ahhh... gwah..."
Even after the tsunami of pain resides, a dull suffering fills her body.
Her breaths are pained and labored, and she continues to urinate. Derek can see she is half unconscious.
Derek "Now anyone can see what a miserable failure you are."
He looks down on her with a cold smile.
Her snapped horn is in his grip.
Derek "Ladomira, you are no longer the empress. You are but another woman. You're just another piece of livestock in the Service Nation I command. No, you are lower than that----a mere cum dumpster."
Derek "You will pleasure the men of the land as such. Got that?"
Ladomira "Uh... ahh..."
Most of Derek's words fall on deaf ears.
All that comes out of Ladomira's mouth are meaningless sounds and drool.
She has lost. Completely and utterly.
............
......
...
#04_rad003
A week has passed since Ladomira's defeat at Derek's hands.
The report has not yet made it throughout the Service Nation in any grand fashion.
Yet all whisper the rumor that Empress Ladomira has been vanquished.
The true rumors gave birth to other rumors, swirling into a cocktail of truth and lies as the city quietly grows in both worry and excitement.
And then...
Traveling Merchant "It's pretty busy out today. Did something happen?"
The city square is often awash with people, but today it is particularly crowded.
A traveling merchant back to the city for the first time in ages looks around the square as he asks a familiar face what has happened.
Man "Oh, you don't know? Rumor has it the crown's in different hands, and today there's a festival to commemorate it."
Traveling Merchant "Wait, what? The crown is in different hands? The empress gave it up?"
Citizen "Yeah, that's right."
Traveling Merchant "That... can't be, truly?"
The merchant has a hard time believing him.
Empress Ladomira was a ruler who seeks only to fulfill her desires. None could praise the governance or rule she enacted.
Yet none could criticize it, either----not in the face of the overwhelming power of her charm, her mind-affecting enchantment.
Ladomira stands as an absolute being, untouchable and undefeatable.
And the merchant is to believe that she would step down from her position?")
And from the way the town dweller speaks of it, it sounds like she has been dragged off the throne by another.
Traveling Merchant "Who in the world could manage such a feat?"
Man "Sounds like it's the commander of the Black Dog Knights himself."
Traveling Merchant "The commander of the Black Dog Knights, huh?"
When he murmurs the name to himself, he hears cheers erupting from the road to the palace.
The merchant turns to the source of the commotion to see what it is and finds himself letting out a cry of awe as well.
A procession of dozens of beautiful, mostly nude dancers and musicians march and dance along the great road. One could not think of a more fitting Service Nation parade.
He notices a large palanquin carried in the center of the parade.
It is covered in flashy decorations around a body of shining gold.
Ladomira rides atop the platform, adorned in even more lavish attire, and she is bound as if to be a grand sacrifice.
#04_rad004h_rad03
Ladomira (This cannot be. It cannot be. It simply cannot be! How could this happen to me!?)
The empress herself is stripped fully nude and bound to a pedestal, dragged out in front of the foolish crowd.
A rage so great her body could catch fire fills her, and she grits her teeth with a groan.
She tenses her limbs in an attempt to break her bindings, but they only dig deeper into her skin, not loosening in the least.
The dildo inserted into her crotch makes it difficult to tense her limbs as well.
Ladomira "Bring me down from here right this instant! Do you know who I am!? Your empress commands you! Do not pretend you cannot hear!"
Giving up on escaping with her own strength, she glares at one of the men carrying her and delivers a haughty order.
Handler "Do I know who you are? Of course I do, you're just another sex slave for the Service Nation."
Ladomira "Wh----? How dare you, cur!?"
Her hair stands on end in rage at the insult. She glares at him with murderous eyes.
He leans back in surprise for a moment, but quickly reclaims his mocking smile.
Handler "Barking dressed like that'll only make you look like a fool. You'd best be ready to show the whole city what a joke you are if you want to play royal!"
Ladomira "Spoken so arrogantly for such a miserable worm. I'll make you regret those words!"
She attempts to focus mana in her eyes and use her magic.
However, ever since the day Derek raped her, her power of absolute charm has left her.
Ladomira "Ahh! Come now, you, you...!"
She glares at him in sheer hatred and rustles her body, but her ability refuses to respond, and she remains as bound as ever.
Right then, the man leading the palanquin looks over the crowd and begins to speak in a dramatic fashion.
Imperial Herald "Before you lies the woman who has rotted out our Service Nation with her greed and lust. She's a great criminal who has brought us nothing but chaos and ruin!"
Imperial Herald "Yet now, the evil has been defeated! The great harlot Ladomira has had the hammer of justice laid down on her by none other than General Derek Rondo! Let all know and praise him!"
A cheering uproar spreads throughout the streets at his declaration.
Citizen A "So the rumors that the empress got dragged down are true!"
Citizen B "Burn in hell, Ladomira!"
Many of those in the city have been tormented by policies Ladomira had enacted on a whim, having to pay impossibly high taxes.
Many have suffered under the soldiers acting on Ladomira's behalf as well. The liberation they feel is indescribable.
Ladomira "Cease this nonsense at once! I am your empress, your ruler! That fact is unfaltering, unmoving! I'll dispose of that pathetic man right away!"
She shouts loud enough to not be drowned out by the crowd's cheers and struggles at her bindings so hard her face goes red.
The bindings do not loosen, however. Instead, her struggling only makes her feel the dildo inside her crotch even more.
Ladomira "Nnn, mm... i-it will take more than this to...!"
The more she feels the sense of the foreign object in her nether regions, the deeper her sense of shame.
Ladomira grits her teeth and bears the humiliation as she lays down a haughty order.
Ladomira "This is my final warning: release me, right this instant!"
It is not the shrill cry of a panicked woman, but the imposing boom of an empress.
Yet the sorry state she is in ruins any authority she has.
Handler "Get it through your head, lady----you're not the empress anymore! You're a pig General Derek beat down! C'mon, oink for the crowd and give us a show!"
The men begin to chant and violently shake the palanquin up and down as they go.
Ladomira "Gwah!? Ahh, annn, agghh, nnaaah! C-Cease this, now! Ahh, I ca----gahhh!"
Her body is rocked up and down as her platform moves.
Her large breasts thrash about with such force that she feels a tearing pain at their bases.
And it goes without saying, but the dildo at her crotch buries itself deeper into her cunt, tearing at her insides.
Ladomira "Agghh, i-it's going so deep! Ahh, aggh, agghhh!"
Her body is thrust up due to the platform's rocking and comes down hard on the dildo.
Taking the impact all the way to her womb from her own body weight, she bends herself back and squirms in pain.
Ladomira "Gggwwwuuhhh! Gahhh, it's so deeeep! Aaagghh, aaannn!"
The dildo smashes into her pussy with each rocking of the palanquin.
She is unable to hold her muffled screams each time the inorganic head strikes her cervix.
Citizen A "Hahaha, you hear that!? She really does sound like a goddamn pig!"
The onlookers point and laugh.
Everyone in the crowd filling the streets looks at her in derision and mockery.
Ladomira "Do... not think any of you will get away with this! Every last one of you, I will... uwahh!?"
Right as she is about to explode with rage at her subjects who, far from prostrating themselves before her, have deigned to actually jape and mock their empress, the palanquin rocks with particular force.
She feels her body floating, and right as she becomes aware of her new position, she crash-lands hard on the dildo.
Ladomira "Ggggyaaaaahhhhh! Aagggghhhh!"
A numbing shock runs through her body, and she lets out an unbecoming, pitiable scream.
The crowd cheers and applauds.
Ladomira "You, ugghh, swine! How dare... nmmm, how dare you laugh at... nnnmm, your empress...!"
Handler "Hahaha, how can they not laugh? Do you have any idea how you look right now? How utterly ridiculous? Come on, give them more of a show!"
With the palanquin shaking and the dildo tearing at her pussy, Ladomira feels even more rage at the humiliation.
Yet the more indignant she gets, the more the crowd and the men carrying her cheer.
The load-bearers nod to each other devilishly and start to shake the palanquin even harder.
Plllshh! Pwsssh! Shllp! Chllpshhllp! Shllllp!")
Ladomira "Ahhhh! I-It's stabbing in so deep... nnnmmm! I-It's so rough. Ahh, no, not again... ahhh!"
Her body bounces and rocks atop the platform, and she comes down so hard on the dildo it feels as though it pierces all the way to her belly button.
Meanwhile, her large, heavy breasts bounce in every which direction.
Ladomira "Gggaaahh, t-they're going to tear off! Tear off, I tell you! E-Enough... cease this, now! Now!!"
Handler "Haha, there we go! C'mon, dance some more!"
The men raise the palanquin high and jump in place, again and again.
Her breasts bounce even higher, and the impact of landing drives the dildo right against her womb.
Ladomira "Agghhh! No, it's so deep! My womb... agh, agggghhhhh!"
The strike nearly crushes her womb, scorching her body from within in an irresistible heat.
Her cunt twitches in contraction, strongly wrapping around the dildo.
Handler "Haha, as slutty as ever! You like it rough, don't you? Well, we'll go rougher! Let's go, boys!"
Shllp! Chhhllp, shrrrp! Chlp, shrpp, shlllp, shrrrrp!")
Ladomira "Ghhhk, ahhh, aggh, aaaggh! I-It's in so deep ag----ahhh!"
Her body shakes wildly again as the dildo goes in deep. Her inner walls scorch with pain as the foreign object tears against them.
The more Ladomira suffers, the sorrier her state is for all to see and the more the crowd and her handlers cheer in joy.
Unable to resist, she can only hope to wait for the storm to pass.
And after a storm of humiliation, the palanquin finally stops.
Ladomira "Ahhh... hahhhhh... nghhh, ahhhhhh... nah, hahhh... hahhhhhhhhh... kffff..."
She struggles through labored breaths, drenched in sweat.
The dildo is still in her after tearing up her cunt, and her womb groans with a scorching pain.
Her pained body twitches in an irregular rhythm as though she is in the afterglow of her orgasm.
Citizen A "Haha, look at that! She likes getting fucked by that thing!"
Ladomira "D-Don't... you, m-mock me... None... None of you are getting away with... this...!"
Right as she glares at the crowd, shoulders heaving...
Citizen C "Shut up, bitch! You ain't the empress anymore!"
Pllshh!")
Ladomira "Ghhk!?"
One of the men in the crowd throws something at her.
It strikes true and cracks her head.
Something slimy drips down her head, and with her arms bound, she can neither wipe it off nor find out what it is.
She knows something hit her head.
But what?")
Right then, the liquid reaches her mouth.
She licks it away on instinct and finally realizes what has been thrown.
Ladomira "You... scum! You swine! How dare you throw an egg at me, you worthless cur!"
Rage enough to forget the pain in her cunt flares up within her.
She looks the road over with murder in her eyes and vexation exuding from her whole being.
Ladomira "You've made your last mistake, you swine! I'll see to it that you suffer a fate worse than----"
Right as she is about to truly let her rage take hold.
It happens.
Crraacck! Pllsshh! Pwssh!")
Ladomira "Aggghh! Hey! What are... ugggh!?"
Her rage is ignored, and festering garbage is thrown her way.
And not just one or two pieces, either. The crowd, more vexed than Ladomira, pelts her with a volley of trash.
Citizen D "Hey, shut the hell up! Do you know how much we've suffered because of you!?"
Citizen E "Raising taxes to the high heavens every goddamn year!"
Citizen F "Must have been real nice living high off our backs all these years!"
The poor and the commoners aren't the only ones throwing trash----some upper class and nobility join in the fray as well.
Ladomira "Aghh, gghhhh! Do you know who you do this too!? I... I am the empress of this nation! I am your ruler!"
Handler "Cut the babble and face the music! Let's go again, boys!"
Plllsccchhh! Prrrcch! Pllsch, ppcchh, pllch!")
Ladomira "Nnnaaah! N-Not again... Ahh, not agaaaainnn!"
As she begins to shout back to the crowd, the men below her start to violently rock the palanquin up and down again.
The large dildo thrusts deep into her, grinding along her folded walls and drilling into her cervix.
Ladomira "Gwaahhh! C-Cease this! Cease this now! Agghh, not so rough! Ahh, nnn, aahhh!"
Handler "Hahaha! That's more like it, squealing like a pig suits you real nice! Again. There you go!"
All of her commands fall on deaf ears. The men continue to rock the palanquin with greater intensity, accelerating her torment.
The rain of trash thrown by the crowd shows no signs of stopping either.
Ladomira "Agghh... nnmmmkkk!"
Ladomira (How could this happen to me? Me, of all people!? This makes no sense... This cannot beee!)
She feels a sharp, stabbing pain in her heart from the sheer humiliation.
While she is taken by the wound in her heart, the dildo drives up her crotch with such force it feels like it will come out the other side.
She squirms atop the dildo as the palanquin continues to rock methodically in small, short bursts, yet she continues to attempt haughty orders.
Ladomira "C-Cease... this. Stop this now! Ahhnn, I-I-I... Your empress commands... you!"
Ladomira "So just... ahh, aggghh! Nnmm, cease this... nnmm, nowww!"
She glares at the men carrying her platform as she endures the shockwaves from below with gritted teeth.
Their answer does not please her.
Plllcch! Prrch! Plllk! Shhhrrk!")
Ladomira "Ah, nnnuuoooooggh! Agh, aaah, it's in so deep! Aagggh, all the way to my womb, aagghhh!"
They raise up and rock the palanquin even harder to rise her body up further.
When she lands on the dildo, it pierces her to her womb.
The men then rock the palanquin with even greater force as if to shake her off of it.
Shrrch! Dlllcch! Ggcch! Chllp, shwllp, bwwsshhh!")
Ladomira "Gwah, aggh, nnah! Ahh, it's hitting my womb so deeply... Ahhgh, aaaann, gguuuoohhh!"
The dildo tearing into her, Ladomira thrashes her bound body about.
Seeing her pushed even further into humiliation, the crowd erupts into applause.
Ladomira cannot take this. It's almost to the point of madness.
She has had her womb violated by larger penises.
She has had her anus plowed into while her womb was thrust at.
Yet that was all with her consent.
She has never been made a mockery and a show. She has never been violated in public and laughed at.
Ladomira "Aggghhh! You... I-I told you to... ccceeaaase thisssss! Ah, aggh, gwah, aggghhh!"
The dildo tears into her deep enough to pierce her womb itself.
The mind-melting shock forces the appearance of Ladomira's instincts. The habits her body had built up after all the years of ruling the Service Nation as its empress.
The numbing feeling that shoots from her womb all the way to her fingertips bears a distressing resemblance to pleasure.
Ladomira "Nnmm, agh, aaahnn! Stop this. Cease this. Enough. Enough! Ahh, aaagghhhh!"
An empress would not take pleasure in being humiliated by such filth. She must not.
She thrashes her hair in the air, rejecting the pleasure as she demands again and again for them to stop.
Yet all can hear that while her voice is pained, it begins to take on a tone of allure.
Citizen A "Hey, what're you moaning for, you slut!?"
Ladomira "I-I am doing no s----! I, ahhh, ahh, I...!"
Handler "Doing no what!? Eat this!"
Ladomira "Aahh, nnnaaah, aagghh, not so, ahh, rough! Agghh, my womb, it's going in----ahhh!"
They roil and rock the palanquin. The long, thick dildo pulls fully out of her cunt from the force of the motion before thrusting right back in.
Her struck womb takes on an irresistible heat.
Handler "Gonna cum? Well, be my guest!"
Ladomira "No, I... aggh... there's no poss----nnmmph! Ahh, aannn... ahh, ahh, ahh! No, no, no, no, no, noooo!"
She shakes her head so fiercely that sweat flies off it in all directions.
Yet the dildo continues its onslaught, and her womb begins to throb and pulsate. It pulses so quickly it seems on the verge of explosion.
The palanquin also reaches the climax of its speed.
Handler "Cum! Cum! Cum your brains out!"
Ladomira "Ahh, ahhhn, eep, ah, ah, ah, ahhhhh! I can't... Ahhh, I can't... I cannot, ahh, ahh, ahhh!"
Ladomira (I would never cum from such a light dildo thrashing! It may be going into my womb, but with such... nnn, bland movements...!)
The dildo's stiff head grinds against her womb's walls as the palanquin is violently rocked up and down.
The frictive heat pushes Ladomira to greater heights of pleasure.
Ladomira "I can't believe... ahh, thiiiiiis! How could I...? Ahh, how could I have such a miserable orgassmmmmmm!? No, no, I, ahhhhh!"
Her womb joins her cunt in twitching in contraction, clamping around the dildo harder.
The men below reacted to her feminine instinct, raising the palanquin up higher.
Ladomira "Ggghhhhhhk! So deep in my wooommb... I... I, aaaiiiieeee!"
Ladomira "I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cummiiiiing!"
The erotic pleasure is powerful enough to engulf Ladomira's everything explodes within her, and she orgasms for the crowd to see.
Citizen A "Hahaha! Damn, look at that stupid face! She's squealing like a pig while she cums!"
Citizen B "And that pig's been lording over us this whole time! Serves you right, your slut!"
Ladomira "Ahh, aaahh, affaaahhh! Agahaha, aaaaaaaiiiiiieeee!"
Ladomira is engulfed by cheers and insults from the streets she passes.
She can say nothing back to them as her face twists in orgasmic ecstasy, and juices leak out of her cunt with all the force of her urination.
Ladomira "Ahh... nnn, aahh... ahh, haah, ah..."
Her shameful orgasm finally quiets.
It leaves its deep claws in her, however, and she continues to twitch spontaneously.
More juices flow from her dildo-filled pussy.
Citizen C "Haha, she went and came on top of the damn platform! Was it that good for you, you pig!?"
The crowd cheers at her exhausted form with not a shadow of her former confidence remaining.
Ladomira "N-No, I... I, hah, am not... ah..."
She forces the words out, scraping up what remains of her pride.
Yet her tongue scarcely listens to her, and she can hardly pronounce her words. The sheer misery of her visage draws even more cheers.
Handler "Ah, damn, no orgasm, huh? Well, don't you worry. We'll make sure you cum! Right, boys?"
The men cheer with guttural voices and get to rocking the palanquin again.
Shrrk! Chlllp! Shlllp! Shp, shp, blllch, gcchhh!")
Ladomira "Gggguuooohh! Aggh, nnn, nmm, aggahh, agaiiiin!? Aaiiee!"
As the platform moves, the dildo tears into her womb once more.
The receded pleasure returns with heated force.
Ladomira "Nnnaaah, cease this! Ahh, aggh, nnm, agghh!"
Handler "Still pretending to be empress!? Remember, you're just another sex slave for the Service Nation!"
Chllp! Shllp! Shrrp! Chhllp, shlllp!")
Ladomira "Ooaaggh, aghh, nnn, aaiiee! S-So deep again. It's in my womb, ah, ahhhh!"
She is jostled about like a doll as the dildo tramples on her womb.
The crowd continues to shower her with insults and trash.
Ladomira "Ahh, gwahh, you... swi----ahhh!"
With no way of avoiding the rain of filth, she can only let herself be covered in it.
Far from having the respect befitting an empress, she no longer has the respect befitting a person.
Ladomira (Why? Why is this happening? I... am the empress!)
It makes no sense. She wants to believe it is a dream.
Yet it is unquestionably reality. No matter how much she denies it in her heart, the facts will not change.
Handler "Remember all of what you've done."
She feels like she can hear Derek's voice, telling her that this is the end for her.
Ladomira "No! Noooooooo!"
Ladomira's parade of shame, her announcement of defeat, continues.
And all she can do is keep on screaming.
............
......
...
#04_rad005
A few days have passed since the grand parade through the streets. Since Ladomira's show of humiliation.
She has been kept in the castle's underground dungeon since then.
Not unmolested, of course.
Soldier A "Heheh, time for another round of fun."
Five soldiers, all wearing lustful smiles, pile into Ladomira's cell.
The men make no effort to hide their desires as they look Ladomira over.
Ladomira (Disgusting... every last one of them!)
They were men she has never seen before, but she can immediately tell they wished to violate her.
Their absolute lack of respect irks her.
Ladomira "Do you not know who I am!? I am not someone you can simply lay your hands on!"
Soldier B "Hah, you're still going on about that? The commander's already given us permission, so your complaints don't mean a damn."
Ladomira "Guh..."
Her complaints and attempts at intimidation bear no fruit. The true power in the Service Nation now lies with Derek.
She grits her teeth at that unshakable reality.
Ladomira (I need my power... I have to get it back, somehow...!)
Otherwise, her days of humiliation will simply continue.
She knows her refusal means nothing.
Ladomira (Very well... I may have lost my powers, but I still have my bedding abilities!)
The sexual techniques she perfected as a whore stand head and shoulders above the rest.
Confidence surges in her. She could easily get a few average soldiers off in an instant.
Ladomira "Well? What is it you want me to do, then?"
Soldier A "Heh! Now we're talking. That's what women should do----shut up and listen to us men. And as for what you're doin' today, you're going to have all five of us."
The men lick their lips in hungry anticipation.
Ladomira keeps her expression of disgust and scoffs with displeasure.
#04_rad006h_rad04
Ladomira "If it's pleasure you want, could you hurry up?"
Ladomira is made to crouch down, surrounded by soldiers.
The men simply leer at her, their eyes crawling over her skin as they grin. No cocks are thrust before her.
Soldier A "Slow down there, we've got something better in mind. A regular old cock-sucking wouldn't be too fun now, would it?"
Ladomira "Hmph, I'd expect nothing less from scum like you."
She turns back to the soldier behind her and shoots out a venomous barb.
The soldier grins without answering and bends over in front of her pushed-out ass.
Ladomira "Ahnn!? W-What did you just...?"
Right as she feels her butt bared, something hard and cold is shoved into her anus.
She quivers instinctively as she feels the object push her asshole open.
By the time she realizes the man is trying to give her an enema, cold medicinal fluid has already flowed into her anus.
Ladomira "Nnaah! Ah, ahh... ghhk! Y-You would dare to give me an enema!? Agh... argh...!"
The flow only grows stronger and does not stop.
She shakes her rear, trying to knock out the tube, but the soldiers hold her in place.
Ladomira "Ghhk, how... dare you, ahh, nn, aaahnn, aggh...!"
The liquid pours into her rectum and fades into her intestines.
An unpleasant chill runs up her back.
Ladomira "C-Cease this at once! If you go any further, I will... nnmmm, ahhhhh....!"
Soldier A "Heh, don't worry about a thing. It'll be over soon."
Ladomira "Ahh, nnm, nffff...!"
The soldier pushes it in hard to finish the job.
All Ladomira can do is feel her ass quiver as the liquid pours into her.
The injection finally ends, but the soldier teases her anus by twisting the tube inside it.
Ladomira "Nnnmm, ahhnn, gghhh... Ah, h-how much did you put in there...?"
Right as she rustles herself in annoyance.
Klllsh! Kyysssshhh!")
Ladomira "Agh... gwahhhhh!"
The enema seems to be rather fast-acting, and an unpleasant sound begins to ring out from her lower body.
Her stomach also begins to ache with pain.
Ladomira grits her teeth and attempts to hold back her desire to pass waste. Beads of sweat begin to appear on her forehead.
Ladomira (These swine... a mere injection and I'm...!)
With the drug coursing through her veins, she has no recourse from this pain other than excretion.
Yet she has no intention of clinging to the soldiers or giving them what they wanted.
As small beads of sweat appear on her ass, she clenches her anus and glares at the men.
One of them looks back at her with a cruel smile.
Ladomira "Eep!? W-What are you going to do!?"
The enema tube leaves her rear, but it is quickly replaced by something somewhat stiff on her anus.
The soldier twists and grinds it in, forcing it into her anus.
She tries to shake her ass to get it out, but the man smacks her ass cheek.
Ladomira "Agh! H-How dare you!"
Soldier B "Enough with the haughty talk and loosen your asshole, all right? I'm being nice and plugging your ass so you don't get shit all over the floor."
Ladomira "Ah... a plug?"
She twists her body to look back and sees the soldier attempting to put an anal plug into her.
He has a point. Sticking that up her butt means she wouldn't excrete anything out she didn't mean to.
Soldier B "So how about you loosen up this ass, Your Royal Highness?"
Ladomira "You're not getting away with this!"
She shouts back at the mocking soldier, then takes a deep breath. Then, she exhales, relaxing her muscles as she does.
Ladomira "Ghhkk... nnm... nnn!"
Ladomira has tasted all kinds of sexual acts, paying no mind to taboos.
She can take an anal plug up her ass while enduring the enema's pull if she wanted.
But another element awaits her.
Ladomira "Ahh, aggh... it's... g-getting bigger!?"
Soldier B "Haha, you like it? It's a magic item. See, it doesn't just puff up, it also clings to your asshole from the inside."
Soldier C "You probably can't pull it off, but if you end up pushin' the shit out all half-assed, you're gonna tear your asshole up! Be careful, ahaha!"
Ladomira "Tch, all of you, mocking me... do not think you have the better of----nnmmm, nmmmm!"
The anal plug continues to inflate in her anus, making her lower abdomen feel a tight pain.
And like the soldier said, it bites into the edges of her anus from inside, hurting even more.
Ladomira "Haah, haah, haah... nnmm, nnmmm!"
Glllk, grrrssh!")
Right as she thinks the anal plug has stopped growing, a strange noise rings out from her stomach.
She reflexively clenches her anus, but the plug's grip and the strange feeling growing inside her get stronger.
The plug does its job, however, and not a single drop of waste leaks out.
Ladomira (Utterly humiliating, but I can manage...!)
She expects there to be no chance of leakage.
The soldier who put the enema into her pulls out his penis before her face.
Soldier A "All right, blowjob time. You satisfy the five of us and we'll take you to the shitter 'n pull out that plug."
Ladomira "Nn... so, that's your game..."
Ladomira gives the man a hateful glare.
They want to enjoy seeing her suffer as she holds back shit while she sucks them off.
Ladomira "Absolutely artless... The thoughts of a man who can do nothing other than spill his seed...!"
She speaks not to put up a strong front but from the heart.
Yet an odd sound lightened any weight her words could have.
Glllrrrr! Glllssshh!")
Ladomira "Gghhk, nn... aggh...!"
Soldier A "What's the matter? C'mon, bitch, all you can do is suck dick----get with it!"
Ladomira "Hmph. Very well, I'll suck that pathetic cock of yours. Try not to bust your load early with a fool's look on your face!"
She strongly doubts that the men will take her to the latrine even if she satisfies all of them.
They will definitely come up with some sort of reason to force her to shit then and there.
Though the whole situation irks her, she brings her face to the man's cock. She could at least make him look like a buffoon.
Ladomira "Nnnm, kkkghh... om... nnmm, hmmph, nnmmnmnm, ugh!"
Though in the most uncomfortable of positions, her nether regions tingle at the masculine stench beneath her nose.
The stone Derek forced into her has made her needlessly sexually sensitive, and she loses more mana with every orgasm as a cute little bonus.
And when she manages to bring the man's cock into her mouth and all the way down to her throat, her intestines continue to demand that she shits, causing a sharp pain to occur inside her.
She stops before sucking on the cock.
Soldier A "What's the matter? Is my cock so big you're choking on it or something?"
Ladomira "Tch, d-don't... nn, get ahead of yourself..."
Cock in her mouth, she looks at the man in derision as she gives herself an encouraging internal monologue.
Ladomira (That's right... this man's limp cock is nothing! Not to the empress of the Service Nation!)
Ladomira "Mm, shllp, chlpp, shllllp! Nchhp, nnmmm... nnmm! Mmm!"
Pushing her abdominal pain and desire to shit to the side, she glares at the man as she sucks on his dick.
She brings his cock in so deep her nose brushes against his crotch, and she squeezes the head with her throat.
That is all it takes to make the man tremble, his cock violently throbbing in her mouth.
Ladomira "Nnmm, chllp, nnmm...! Nmm, shlllp!"
Soldier B "Oh, damn, you really are a slut! Hahaha!"
Ladomira ignores the jeers from the peanut gallery and continues to lick the penis.
She does not only rub it with her lips and throat.
She bobs her head back and forth as she pushes her tongue against the shaft, rubbing it hard.
She mixes it in with tilting her head, rubbing against the head of his dick with the inside of her cheek.
Soldier A "T-There we go, looks like you're into it. Y-Yeah, keep it up."
Ladomira "Hnph, mm... you'd better be honored, mmm... to have me suck your cock!"
Ladomira "Nnmm, shlp, shlp, shlp, shlllp! Chpchp, shlp, shlp, chp, chp, shlllp!"
She violently bobs her head back and forth as if to expel any desire for dump-taking.
She sucks in her lips hard and massages his cock with her throat as she moves, using her entire oral cavity to massage it.
Ladomira "Shlllrrrrrrrp! Mmch... shllp! Chp... nnm, chhp! Ahh... omm, nmmm!"
His penis begins to quiver and leak precum.
Sensing his climax is near, she brings his penis in deep and wraps her mouth around his base, covering the head with her throat.
Then she rapidly moves her head back and forth, bombarding the full length of his penis with stimuli.
Ladomira "Chlllp, nnm, shhllp! Shpshp, shllllp! Mmm, mm, aghmmm!"
Soldier A "Ohh, shit, I can't...hold in...!"
Ladomira (Too easy. This cock was as pathetic as it looked! I'm sure the taste won't be much, either...)
Ladomira "Go, cum... Nmmm, spill your seed! Shllp, shhp, chllp, shlllllp!"
Though a prisoner and the one servicing the man, she slurps his cock as she bellows out a haughty order.
Pllshh! Psshh! Pwwwwsshhhh!")
Ladomira "Nnm! Mmm, nnnmmmmmm!"
His cock swells up and unleashes a tide of thick white jizz.
She tenses her lips to hold the raging cock in place as she takes all of his semen in her mouth.
Ladomira (Hmph, as mediocre a taste as I'd expected. Just like any other faceless soldier. What a joke...)
Ladomira "Nnnn, nnm... nmmmm!"
Insulting him in her mind all the way, she rolls her lips over the cock to coax out more semen.
Soldier A "Hah... shit, that was amazing."
Ladomira "Nnm... ahh... hmph... Your cum tasted as mediocre as expected."
Soldier A "What the fuck did you say!?"
Soldier B "Haha, I bet. You came way too fast."
Another soldier teases the red-faced man.
Then, he loosens his pants.
Soldier B "The enema only gets stronger with time. I wanna see how long you can keep up that strong front."
Ladomira "Hmph, I'll make you cum in five seconds tops...! Hn...!"
Though keeping up her haughtiness, a strange sound rings out from her belly.
She thought she had held back the moan, but the soldiers all heard.
Soldier B "Try not to shit in five seconds, all right?"
The soldier grins as he pushes his penis toward her.
Ladomira "Ahm, nn, nmm! Shllp, chllp, chhpp!"
She wraps her mouth around it without hesitation and starts to suck.
In her burning oral cavity, his cock immediately begins to writhe in pleasure.
Ladomira (He's just as weak as the last one... but... nnn, that damned enema... nn...)
Ladomira "Nnm, chlp, sh... shlllp! Chlpshpshp, shllllllp!"
Feeling sweat appear on her forehead, she sucks on his penis hard, trying to coax out an ejaculation.
She had been the empress of the Service Nation, the ruler of the land. She cannot bear the humiliation of shitting from an enema and having lowly peons laugh at her.
She thinks as she goes to town on his cock in rage that she will show these fools that they need to bring ten if not twenty men if they want to challenge her.
Ladomira "Nnshlp, chpchp, nm, shlp! Chpchpshlp, shllllp! Shlp!"
Soldier B "Oh, shit, you really are the empress! Feels like I'm about to bust!"
Ladomira "Then, mmn, bwah... spill your pathetic... shllp, seed, shlllp! Chpchp, shlp, chppah!"
Soldier B "Hehehe, don't need to tell me twice! Hngh!"
Ladomira "Nmmm!? Mmm, mmm, ghhk!? Nm, nmmmm!"
Cock throbbing in pleasure, the soldier thrusts his hips forward with a lustful smile.
Ladomira feels a powerful nausea as his cock tears into her throat, and a wave of violent stomach pain comes in to join it.
A chill overcomes her sore anus.
She holds back her filth before her dam can break, desperately clenching her anus with the cock in her mouth.
And right then.
Plllp... pffff, prrffft!")
Ladomira "Ghhkk... nnkkk...!"
Gas flows out of her painfully tingling anus, filling the cell with a pathetic sound.
Soldier B "You hear that, boys!? The empress farted!"
Soldier C "Damn, that stinks! What the hell do you have to eat to fart such a reek? Ahahaha!"
Ladomira "Ghh, nn... nnmm, shllp, chlp, shlllp!"
Her alabaster skin turns red with embarrassment as the base men laugh at her.
She takes out her rage and humiliation on the man's cock, sucking and bobbing over it with renewed vigor.
Ladomira (This scum can't even do anything on his own! This cock of his isn't worth the flesh it's made of, and yet he laughs at me...!?)
Ladomira "Ghhk, nnmm, shlp! Shp, shp, shllp, chp... nmm, shhlp, shrrp, chllp!"
Her anus continues to cry out for release, sending aches throughout her body.
She desperately resists it, rocking her entire body as she sucks on the soldier's penis.
Soldier B "Ohh, there we go, there we go! You want me to cum that much? Well, lemme oblige!"
Ladomira "Nnmmm, shlp, nm, chp, sbllch, shlllp!"
The man thrusts in again.
Enduring the nausea that follows the grinding in her throat, she contracts her pharynx to give the man more pleasure.
Pllsh! Pwssh! Pssshhh!")
Ladomira "Nmmpphh, ghhkk, nnm! Nnmmmmm!"
His penis throbs and roils, and her mouth is filled with semen once again.
She takes it all in her mouth, letting the hot rapids wash down her throat.
Ladomira "Nmmshllp! Nnm! Shp... nn, nn, shllllp!"
She sucks hard on his throbbing cock, coaxing more cum out of it.
The man's whole body quivers, and he unleashes a large glob of semen.
She takes it in her throat and swallows it down.
Ladomira "Nnn, ahhh... ah, hah... hahhh... N-Now, who's... nnm... who's next?"
When she swallows down all the semen, the pain of the enema assails her again.
The anal plug hurts in her ass, and the burning pain starts to make her back tremble.
Yet as she seeks the next man through the pain, she exudes a type of beauty that inspires awe.
The men step back, stunned.
Ladomira "What... the matter? Are you just going to... nn, watch until I can hold on no longer?"
Ladomira "A fitting choice... nnm, for such weaklings...."
Grrrrrrk! Gggrrrrnnnn!")
Ladomira "Gghhk... agh, urgh...!"
Sweat begins to erupt not just from her forehead but from her whole body.
The waves of pain in her stomach grow with each impact, and they become more frequent.
Yet she wears a slight smile as she looks over the men.
Ladomira "Is there no manly cock in this room, one to finish me off!?"
Soldier C "Don't know your place, huh? Well, I'll make you eat those words!"
One man bellows as if to encourage himself, and then he thrusts his erect penis before Ladomira's face.
Ladomira "Nnm, shlp, chpchp, shlllp, chpchpchp, shlpshlp!"
Her desire to shit grows, and her body becomes slick with sweat.
Yet she has brought the third and fourth men to orgasm and is now bringing the fifth to his climax.
Ladomira "Mmmgghhh! Nn, nmm, shlp, chlp, chlpshlpshlpshp!"
Ladomira (My ass, my stomach, they're at their limits...! But just... just a little more! This is the last man!)
Her stomach pain remains, constantly stabbing at her gut, and her rectum feels like it is on fire.
Enduring pain for so long has made her consciousness wobble.
She holds up her groaning body with pride as she continues to suck the man's cock.
Ladomira "You want... mm, release, don't you? Nnmm, hurry, shlp, chlp, shllllp!"
Soldier E "Shit, this bitch is way too good at sucking cock!"
The man reels back with a bitter shout.
His cock swells up in Ladomira's throat, burning with heat.
Pwssshh! Psh, psh, plp, psssshhhh!")
Ladomira "Ghhhkkk, nnmm, nmmphhh, shlp, nn... nnn... nnmmmmmahh!"
Thick semen bursts from his cock.
She forces the reeking white fluid audibly down her throat and into her stomach.
Ladomira (Ghhhkkk! My stomach is killing me again, but... now it's finally over...!)
Ladomira "Nnshllp... nnnm! Ghhk, nmm, mm, shllllp!"
The slightest movement generates impossible pain in her lower stomach.
Though the pain nearly crushes her anus, she swallows down all the cum that spills out of the man.
Ladomira "Ah, ah, fwah... nnm, mm, nnnmm, fhhh...!"
She finally gulps down the fifth man's semen.
Yet she has no time or energy to celebrate. The pulsing pain in her belly is nigh-unbearable.
Sweat pours off her skin, and her body continues to shake.
Her anus throbs, telling her that it will collapse at the slightest drop of her guard.
All that holds it up is Ladomira's pride and the anal plug.
Ladomira "Now then, I've... made all of you cum as promised. Satisfied?"
Soldier A "Tch, fine, fine."
Right as one of the men grumbles in annoyance...
The door opens, and someone steps in.
Derek "Looks like you're having fun."
Ladomira "D-Derek!"
Ladomira raises her eyes at the man she hates, the man who stole her throne.
Yet her harsh look does not last as the searing stomach pain tears through her body.
She looks up at Derek with pained eyes.
Derek's eyes are on the semen stuck to Ladomira's face and the empty enema tube on the ground.
Derek "Ahh, you really have been having some fun, then."
Derek chuckles and steps up to Ladomira. Then, he loosens his belt and pulls out his cock.
Ladomira "W-What is the meaning of this? I have made these men cum already! Take me to the bathroom, right this instant!"
Grrrhhhk! Ghhlllk!")
An even greater sound rumbles from Ladomira's belly, and the pain renders her breathing labored.
Derek "I don't know what they told you, but it's me who decides how you're dealt with. If you want to go to the bathroom, you'll have to satisfy me first."
Ladomira "Why, you...!"
Grrrhkkk! Ggllllk!")
Ladomira "Nngh, nnm, ahh, hah, haah..."
Her intestines writhe with such an unsettling sound it seems that something lives inside her stomach.
The brief thought to simply let it all out flashes through her mind.
Ladomira (No, what am I thinking!? I... I am the empress!)
As empress, it is her right, her duty, to devour men and rule over them.
To snap their feeble pride in half and enjoy toying with them after.
After reminding herself of her true desires, she turns to Derek once again.
Ladomira "Nmmm! Ghhk, shllp, chp, nnnm, shlp chllp!"
Derek's penis makes a mockery of the previous men's, and she has to open her mouth as far as it can go to pull it in all the way down to her throat.
It seals her windpipe and is much more than snug inside her, but she vigorously pumps her head back and forth.
Ladomira "Mmm, nnchllp, shllp, chpchp, shlp, shlp, chpchp, shlllplplplplp!"
She brings her head down deep, knocking the head of his dick against the depths of her throat and drooling as she feels a powerful nausea.
Spittle flying, she sucks up his cock hard enough to thrash her hair behind her.
Yet Derek simply looks down at her, his face unmoved.
Derek "Looks like you've gotten worse at sucking since losing the throne. You're not going to make me cum like this."
Ladomira "Nnff, nn, I... I know...!"
Her stomach has ached for too long, and the pain has reached her fingertips and neck.
Her anus throbs rapidly, groaning in pain, and she scrambles to clench it.
Pfff! Pwwapp! Pwwwrrrtt!")
She is a moment too slow and unleashes a wet fart.
The men make an exaggerated show of the smell, pinching their noses and laughing.
Ladomira (How... how dare you humiliate me so...!)
Her vision clouds with pain and humiliation.
Her sweat-drenched body begins to tremble with the explosive desire for release.
She does not have a moment to spare.
Animated by rage that the men would dare to do this to her, she sucks on Derek's penis in a near trance.
Ladomira "Nnshllp, shrrrpp, shllp, chpchp, shlllp, nnm, shllllp!"
Ladomira (I'll make this man cum no matter what...!)
Sweat flying off, she shakes her head and powerfully sucks in her cheeks to stimulate his cock.
She uses the entirety of her mouth and throat to envelop his dick, contracting it all to squeeze it.
With her mouth acting like an undulating vagina, Derek's penis begins to throb.
Ladomira (Just a little bit more... I'm almost there. I've almost won...! Yes, that's right, regret your foolishness in going against me!)
Ladomira "Nnshllp, nnmm, haah, nnm, chpchp, shllp, shllpshllp, chhllllp!"
Not minding how much she has twisted her beautiful face, she sucks in her cheeks and throat to rub at his shaft and head.
And right then, his cock leaps up with nearly enough force to pierce her throat.
Ladomira (Hahaha! How about that, Derek? For all his talk, he's just a... nn!?)
Ladomira "Nnnmm, mmm!?"
He is about to cum.
The signs are all there, yet his semen does not follow. She looks up to see Derek has a smirk on his face.
Derek "Who said you could stop?"
Ladomira "Nmmmgh!? Gweehh!"
Derek had held back on purpose. It was a trap.
By the time she realizes it, he is already tearing at her throat.
The pain gives her goosebumps, and tears nearly fall from her eyes.
At the same time, the stomach pain she had stopped thinking about comes down on her hard.
Grrrrrrssh! Gwwwsssh!")
Ladomira "Mmmmuhhhhh! Nnm, mffgggg!"
A noise loud enough to make her stomach shudder rings out, and her whole lower abdomen starts to spasm. It feels as though a knife has been stabbed into her anus.
Her body is far passed its limit, and her sphincter desperately tries to open to let her waste through.
Yet the anal plug's reversal magic forces it back.
It latches onto her sphincter from inside and lets out a creaking noise.
Ladomira "Gghhuuhhhnn...! Nnh, ah, nnm, gghh, nnmm, nnn!"
Derek "And now you're going to shit without permission? Just how out of turn are you?"
Ladomira "Bwwohhh!? Obb, gffhhh...!"
His sneer deepens, and Derek plunges his cock into her throat again.
As powerful nausea assails her, her stomach lets out an unsettling sound.
Out of Ladomira's control, her sphincter chooses excretion over the pain of being bitten by the plug.
Her anus and the plug battle behind her, loudly.
Ladomira (Gguhhh! No, I have to... endure! I cannot lose to Derek!)
She gets desperate and contracts her sphincter as it attempts to open.
Yet her anus is too fatigued from holding back for so long, and contracting it is no longer an option.
A particularly large spasm runs through her body.
Derek "I told you you'd have to make me cum if you want to shit."
Ladomira "Gguoooh, oohhbb, gnnnfffh!"
Derek tears at her throat with his cock and starts to thrust his hips more.
Her stomach howls as she does, and she finds herself unable to stop shuddering.
Ladomira (No! Oh, damn, I can't. No, I haven't lost. I won't lose. I... ahh, ahh, ahhhhhh!)
Plllsscchhh, plorp, brbrbrbrbrb, blllllp, blllwwwpp, bllwwwrrrrrrpp!")
Ladomira "Nnnnnnnkkkkkkkkk! Nmm, mmmkkkkkkk!"
She lets out a dying scream through the cock in her mouth.
With enough force to rock her rectum back, her anus shoots the plug out.
Right as the plug is ejected, mud-like, melted filth follows.
Ladomira "Gghhhkk, ooohhhhh, I'm, ghh, shitttiiiiiiing!"
With a vile, ripping sound, the stench of shit fills the cell.
Once again, the soldiers make a show of the smell, holding their noses and laughing.
Ladomira (How could this be!? I, the empress of the land, have been subject to such humiliation before these men... before Derek...!)
Ladomira "Fwah? Awh? Nn, ahh, nnnnuuunnnn!"
Her misery aside, she can neither contract her anus nor stop the flow of excrement.
The feces gradually gain in stiffness, forming a long turd that pushes through her ass.
While the experience is miserable, it brings the immense pleasure of being released from pain.
Ladomira (Wh----!? No, no, no, I cannot take pleasure in this, I simply cannot!)
Ladomira "Bbbppp!? Nnn, mmnn, bchh! Chlp, shlp, nnmm!?"
She continues to shit, and Derek continues to pound his cock into her throat.
Above, she is thrust into. Below, she pushes out.
She trembles at the sensation. It's like having her entire body pierced through by Derek's cock.
Derek "I told you not to stop sucking. Could you be any more useless?"
Ladomira "Nnnmm, ugggg, mmmm, blll, chllp, shlllp!"
His rough thrusts grind away at her pharynx.
An immense sense of nausea overtakes her body, making her quiver.
And when it does, even more shit flows loudly from her anus.
Ladomira (Nnnaaaah!? What was that!? Oh, no, no, I can't be liking this. I can't be getting off on this. I cannot...!)
Ladomira "Mmmff! Shlp, chllp, shllp, shllp, shp, nnm! Chpchp, shlllp, nnnchh!"
Derek "You might not be able to suck a dick worth shit, but I'll unload some cum into you anyway. At least swallow it down."
Announcing his ejaculation, Derek thrusts deeper and faster into her throat.
Half conscious, she contracts her throat around his cock on instinct alone.
Pllllshhhh! Shlllp, pwsh, ppllllp! Pwwssslllsh!")
Ladomira "Nnnmmmmm! Glllk, bffff... blllfrffffnnnn!"
Derek thrusts deeper into her throat as he unleashes a torrent of jizz from his cock.
The stomach fluids pushing up from nausea are smashed back by the white tides, falling back into her stomach.
Ladomira "Nnpphhh! Eggh, bww, obbb, nnn...chlp, shlp, nn, unnnfffhhh!"
Ladomira (Ahh, no, no, no, nooo! Derek, he hasn't. I wouldn't. I...!)
Ladomira "Fffnnnnnmmm! Nn, nn, nnn, nnmmmmmm!"
Ladomira "Aaaahhhhhh! Uggeahhhh, nnmmmmmmmm!"
She feels shame and bitterness enough to burn her brains out.
It all covers her and mixes into a mind-melting, fresh pleasure, thrusting her into an orgasm.
Ladomira "Ah... ehah... ah..."
Completely spent and fallen over, all Ladomira can do is twitch in the sea of shit she has expelled.
Her wide-open anus twitches and gasps as wet shit flows freely from it.
The soldiers' mocking laughter feels so far away now.
Ladomira (I-I... I still...)
It doesn't mean she has lost.
Before she can form the words in her mind, she collapses in her waste at the very limit of her mental and physical energy.
............
......
...
#04_rad007
A few days later...
Ladomira "Derek, how long do you intend to keep me locked away here!? I'm sick of this!"
Derek has come to her cell in the dungeon with his men, and as usual, Ladomira is shouting at him.
Day in and day out, sun up or sun down, she has been made to pleasure the soldiers however they desire.
Some would force her to humiliate herself like the men who forced her to shit the other day.
She is not soft enough to break from continued humiliation to be sure.
Yet the reek of the cell proves too much for her to bear.
Ladomira "If it is money you seek, I can suck it out of the royals and nobles from nearby lands. I'm offering you my services as a whore, Derek!"
Ladomira "So let me out of this filthy cell. Right now."
She puffs her chest and lays down the order like a ruler.
Derek, of course, simply scoffs it off.
Derek "Looks like you still don't quite understand your position. I am the one who gives orders. All you can do is cling to whatever mercy I give you."
Ladomira "Don't get ahead of yourself, human. Know your place."
Ladomira narrows her eyes and glares at Derek.
If she had her normal powers, she would be able to make him bend his knees in the blink of an eye.
Yet she can't even make the weakling soldiers at his side quiver.
Derek ignores her murderous eyes and continues.
Derek "But if you've the mind to work, then I've the mind to oblige you. I have a perfect job for you."
Ladomira "Oh, do you now? With whom?"
She imagines someone she would not normally give a second glance to have sniffed out an opportunity and wanted his chance with her.
It would not be a bad deal, depending on how she approached it.
She could use the man as a foothold to slowly gain power, eventually regaining the throne.
Ladomira (And just you wait for that to happen, Derek... I'll pay you back for everything.)
Images of the day Derek would prostrate himself before her and beg for forgiveness fill her mind.
Yet reality is not so forgiving.
Derek "With whom? Heh, not even I know. It'll depend on you."
Ladomira "What does that even mean!? And unhand me, you cur! Do you know who I am!?"
Before Ladomira can gain any more information, the men behind Derek crowd around and pin her down.
She tries to resist, but she does not have the strength to.
Her movements are sealed, and Derek looks down at her with a cold smirk.
Derek "We used up quite a few monster soldiers in the last war, and I want to replenish our forces as soon as possible."
Ladomira "And what does that have to do with anything!?"
Derek "As a tiefling, you're what they call a dark being----a monster, essentially. You would make a far better monster host than any human."
Ladomira "What!?"
Her mind stops for a moment at the horror of what is implied.
Yet when she comes to her senses, she struggles against the men like her life is on the line.
Ladomira "You must be joking! Why must I be made to birth the spawn of filthy monsters!?"
Derek "I just explained. But don't worry, we'll expedite the process with magic. Can't waste too much time in gestation. Nicola."
Nicola steps out from behind Derek and raises his staff over Ladomira.
Nicola "D-Don't move, all right?"
Ladomira "Why, you...!?"
Ladomira "Kwahhhhh!?"
His spell goes off as she screams, and a strange heat takes root in her lower abdomen.
The pain is too much to bear, and she falls unconscious.
#04_rad008h_rad05
Derek "Wake up. You've got a job to do."
Ladomira "Nnm...!? Nnn... ah...?"
Ladomira feels pain in her cheeks and impulsively moves to put her hand over them.
But her hand will not move.
The immense strangeness of the sensation makes her eyes shoot open.
Ladomira "Khh...!? W-What is the meaning of this? Derek, what are you plotting? Release me at once!"
She is no longer in her cell.
It is made of stone much like the cell is but colder. She recognizes it as a training room. Or, rather, a torture room.
Her limbs are bound, and her exposed crotch is sticking out high.
No matter how much she struggles, neither her arms nor legs budge an inch.
Ladomira "Derek, I told you to take me out of these bindings, right now! Are you pretending not to hear me!?"
Derek "Shut up already. You're about to become a mother, so how about acting with some grace and class?"
Ladomira "Do not presume to judge me, you lowlife!"
She snaps back on instinct, but soon she remembers how she got her.
Derek had said that she would be made to birth a load of monsters.
Just as she imagined, she will be raped by a procession of monsters, however, she notices a stench.
It is a scent she is very familiar with. One she would love under normal circumstances: semen.
Strange. There is no sign of monsters in the room, and when she cranes her neck around looking for the scent, her eyes go wide.
Ladomira "What in the...? What is that barrel!?"
Though she asks, she can imagine what it contains.
The large barrel near her emits a masculine musk far too thick to be simple semen.
Derek "Rejoice. I've arranged for the semen of all the monster soldiers in the Service Nation to be gathered up in this barrel, all to make you a mother."
Ladomira "You... you cannot be serious, you cannot intend to...!"
The thought has even Ladomira quivering in fear.
She had lived off of semen, and she would even joyfully have a bathtub filled with the stuff to soak in, but this is completely different.
The cocktail brew of countless species of monster's semen emits a stench so vile that even a semen demon like Ladomira scowls.
Still, she glares up at Derek through her shuddering.
Ladomira "I... I will absolutely not----!"
Before she can finish, she feels a dull pain in her crotch. A funnel is put into her dry pussy.
She can tell he intends to pour the blend of the monster's semen into her cunt through it.
Ladomira "I trust you know the consequences of this vile deed!"
Derek "I sure do. You'll give birth to some healthy monsters. Am I wrong?"
With a withering smile, Derek jams the ladle he wields into the barrel and begins to mix it.
It makes a dull, heavy sound. One that can scarcely be believed to be coming from liquid seed.
Derek "I can't wait to see what you give birth to."
Ladomira "Ghhk...!"
At the humiliating mockery, she thrashes in her bindings.
Yet all they do is grind against her limbs.
Derek holds the ladle up so that she can get a good look at it.
Ladomira "Nnnmm... ghhkk... nnn...!"
The viscous cum slops into her vagina.
Her hips tremble at the sensation of the chilled fluid.
Derek "There's plenty more where that came from. If a single scoop has you grunting like that, you're not going to have a good time."
Ladomira "I won't... nnn, forget this... You won't get away... ghhk, with this humiliation...!"
Derek scoops up more semen from the barrel and pours it into the funnel sticking into her vagina.
It presents a humiliation different from being raped. She is simply being used as a birthing womb.
She feels rage building up at having the seed of base, weak monsters poured into her.
Yet the funnel keeps her vagina open, and she has no way of stopping the flow.
Ladomira "Derek, I'll... never ever forgive you...!"
Derek "I'm impressed. I didn't think you could sound any more like a sore loser."
Scoffing at Ladomira's resentment, Derek continues to scoop up more semen and pour it into her.
All she can do is grit her teeth at the slimy fluid filling her hole.
Ladomira "Ghhk, nnn, hah... ah, aghh!"
After countless pours, her vagina has finally filled with the vile juice to its limit, and the semen starts to pour out from the funnel's edge.
The sticky slime spills down from her crotch to her lower abdomen.
Derek "Hmm... is that it?"
Ladomira "Agh... you miserable...!"
Derek lightly taps the edge of the funnel with the ladle's handle, its vibrations roiling the semen filling her hole.
A dull noise rings out, and a bit more semen pours into her pussy.
After seeing it go down, Derek slams the funnel with the ladle handle, knocking it away.
Ladomira "Ghhk! Haah, haah... ahh... Well, what now?"
She makes no secret of her disgust with the nauseating lukewarmth in her hole as she glares at Derek.
Derek "No need to rush, the effects will happen soon enough. You haven't forgotten that Nicola cast a spell on you, have you?"
Ladomira "Obviously not! But what does that have to do with----"
Ladomira "Gghhk! Nnn... nnn...! Ahnn...!?"
Suddenly, an immense pain bubbles up in her lower abdomen.
It is different from when she had the enema----instead, it feels like something rustling in her womb. Something alive.
Ladomira "W-What...? What is going on...? Derek, what did you do to me...!?"
Derek "Your dark energy and the monsters' semen are mixing together in your womb to form an egg. A monster will then hatch out of it."
Ladomira "It will... what? Nnnmm... agh... nn, nn, aagh, fff... haah!"
Pain shoots through her lower half like a rock is rolling through it.
Her instincts tell her it is happening in her womb.
Ladomira "No, no, I cannot... I simply cannot harbor a monster egg. I... nnmm!"
Her womb starts to creak, being pressured from within.
As Derek said, a monster egg has taken form in her cum-filled womb.
Her head burns with rage at the pain and humiliation, but her limbs contract in cold fear.
Ladomira "Agghh, aaann, aggghhh...!"
The egg grows larger, pushing her womb open with the sound of creaking flesh.
Warm sweat bursts out from her bound body.
Then, as she takes a deep breath through gritted teeth as she endures the pain...
Ladomira "Nnnnkkkkkk!? Ah, aaahhhhh!"
The creaking noise turns to a bursting one, and her smooth belly balloons up before her eyes.
The months-long process of pregnancy plays out in a few minutes, and Ladomira screams all the way.
Ladomira "Ggnnnnk, nnm, aargghhh! Nnaah, ahh, hyaaaahhh!"
Just when she thinks her belly is as swollen as much as it can be, it is pushed up further from within.
The pain is so great she imagines her belly will burst, and she struggles in her bindings as she screams.
Ladomira "Nnn, hnngh, nnn, ahh, ah, nnnn... how... dare you... do this to your empress...!"
Unable to hold back where it hurts, she glares up at Derek as sweat pours down her face.
Her breathing is shallow from the pain, but her belly still rises and falls.
Derek "Looks like it grew up healthy. Your personality may leave much to be desired, but that body makes for a perfect host."
Ladomira "Silence, you! Do not look at me as a... nnn, aaahh, ah, hah, nnmmm!"
She shoots back at Derek's mockery, but merely speaking is painful.
She holds back her words and tries to focus entirely on breathing, but the pain does not leave.
Instead, her stomach's throbbing and pulsing only grows larger.
As she desperately tries to endure the pain, the sensation of something rolling in her belly grows stronger.
Ladomira "Hnngh...! Ah, ah... w-what...?"
Derek "Looks like it's time to lay your first egg. Can't wait to see what comes out."
Ladomira "Gghhhhhhhhnnnn! Unnngh, nnnm, hnnghhh!"
Her belly felt enough pain to burst as is, but an even fiercer bout of agony begins to assail her.
So scorching is her torment that she feels her very sense of pain blown away as she extends her limbs in numbness.
Ladomira "Nnnnnnggh! Nnn, ah, haah, haah... aggh, agggh, nnnnn!"
She feels like she is being assaulted by electric shocks, and amidst the onslaught, she realizes something: her cervix is being pried open from the inside.
The something in her womb, the monster egg, is being pushed out.
Ladomira "Gwaaahhh! Aha, ah, haa, haa, haa, nnn..... hnnggghhhhhaaah!"
The egg opens her cervix so wide it nearly tears.
Ladomira's vaginal passage catches the egg peering out of her womb and begins to undulate, passing the egg towards her ostium.
Ladomira "Nnn, aagghh, no, I... Ahhh, I don't want.... hnnghhhh...!"
Her hole stretches out to an unreasonable length, and the egg rubs against her passage with burning friction.
Yet even through the pain, her vagina continues to push the egg toward her opening.
Ladomira "No, noooo! I don't want to birth it... I do not...! Aaggghhhh!"
She feels a body-splitting pain in her crotch.
As the only way to escape the pain, she tenses her lower body in an attempt to push the egg out.
The large shape of the egg is clearly visible in her lower belly, forming a bulge.
Ladomira "Agh! Ahh, ahh, ahhhh!"
Her ostium is pried open from the inside, and the round, somewhat pointed tip of the egg peeks through.
The mass of semen in her vagina shlops out audibly as it goes.
Ladomira "Ahh, ahnnn, haah, hhh, hfff, fwah, haah, hnn, nnngh!"
Most of the egg is still buried in her vagina.
Her crotch continues to suffer from rending, unending pain.
She keeps on letting out shallow breaths while shedding tears of pain.
Ladomira "Ggghhhkk! Agghh, aahhh! A-Again...!? Ahh, aagghhh!"
The pulsing of the pain grows even faster, and her vaginal passage undulates even fiercer to push the egg out as if hurried by the pain.
The egg hits its stride, and she feels it slide smoothly through her passage.
Ladomira "Nnnn... kwaaaahhhhhh! Ah, aagaah, aaaaaaiiiiiiiiieeeeeeee!"
Her ostium opens as far as it can go, and the egg rolls out of it with a wet sound.
A scorching, burning heat howls at her from her vagina, yet so does the immense freedom of finally getting the egg out.
Her vision goes blindingly white, then she is plunged into darkness.
Ladomira "Nnn, ah, haah, haah, agh... nn, ah, haah, haah..."
The former empress is heaving, desperately trying to catch her breath as her face is covered in tears, drool, and snot.
Most of her body is numb, and she has a hard time trusting any of her senses.
Yet her lower abdomen continues to torment her with a heavy pain.
Derek "Hmph, took you long enough on that first one. You could stand to go a bit faster. Let's see what we've got... a goblin. What a waste."
Ladomira "Ghhk, ahh... what...?"
Derek makes no effort to hide his derision as he looks at the egg.
Ladomira wishes to say something back to him, but neither her head nor tongue will work properly.
Then, another fierce pain assails her lower half.
Ladomira "Ghhkk... agggh, nnnaaaah!"
For the second time, her cervix is painfully pried open.
Her vagina stretches out too, feeling like it's going to burst.
Ladomira "Aggghh, aahh, again!? Hnngh, nnnngh, mmmnnn!"
It feels as though a ball of fire is making its way slowly through her vaginal passage.
Her legs spasm with heat and pain, and she realizes that it takes everything she has just to keep up her breathing.
Ladomira "Hnnnghh, nnn, agggghhh... nnn, haah, haah, haah, hnnnnnnnnnnnnngh!"
She catches her breath, then tenses her pussy, making it move.
Right then, she feels the egg roll down her passage.
Ladomira "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaggghh! Aaaaannnh, gwaaaahhhhh!"
Two eggs jet out of her hole.
The pain of them tearing against her walls and the liberation from expelling the eggs cause Ladomira to let out a cry one can think is either of pain or joy.
Then, she feels yet another rumbling pain in her womb.
Ladomira "Hnnngghh! Agh, hhhhh, nnnn! Aah, again... aggghhh!"
She feels many eggs still battering against each other in her womb.
With her cervix loosened from having birthed three eggs already, the remaining eggs slide through it.
Ladomira "Ahh, aaagghhh! I don't want to... hnnghh, do this anymoooore...!"
Not just because it is horrifically painful.
No, the relief from pain turns into immense pleasure, numbing Ladomira's mind.
Yet she can't accept the humiliation of finding pleasure in birthing monster eggs.
Ladomira "No... no more. I can't... No more...!"
She clenches her vaginal passage, not to expel the eggs but to stop their movement.
Derek enjoys the sight of her desperate struggle.
Derek "That third egg was a troll. Pretty good. Keep it up. Birth us some good monsters."
Ladomira "I... hnngh, refuse... I will no... ghhk, longer do as you say...!"
Ladomira "Hnnnghhh! Aagggh, aah, aannnghhh!"
She thought she had tensed her limbs and held the eggs back.
Yet her vaginal walls undulate toward her ostium, moving more and more eggs out.
Ladomira "No, no, stay in, stay innnn! Aggh, not again, not again... aaannnngghh!"
The toes of her bound legs stand on end as if she is kicking the air.
Ladomira "Hnnngggggaaaaahhh! Ooooouuggghhhh, they're comiiing ouuuuttttt! All these eggs, they're coming oouuuuut!"
She squirts a jet-like torrent of urine and screams through a birthing orgasm.
A single egg pops out at her scream, and then her vagina opens up again as the next one falls out.
The second, third, and fourth egg-laying burn Ladomira's body and mind away.
Ladomira "Ahhhhhhh, aghhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh! I----!"
Her vaginal opening stretches to its absolute limit for the passage of multiple eggs, and her outstretched walls fire them out.
Ladomira "Hyahh! Agghh, I'm cumming! I'm cuuuumming! I'm cumming while laying eggggs!"
Ladomira "Haah... haah... agh... ahh..."
She does not have the energy to budge her exhausted body an inch.
Her mouth sloppily hangs open as drool drips out.
Any energy she has to wipe it away, she has already used up.
Derek "Who said you could rest? Push out the other eggs, now."
Ladomira "Nnn... agh... I... nnn... cannot..."
Ladomira just barely manages to look up at Derek and slightly shakes her head.
Her hair is stuck to her forehead with sweat, and the remnants of tears are carved into the sides of her eyes.
Derek "You can't? I'll be the judge of that. And look, your belly's still swollen. Get them out."
Ladomira "But I... don't have the... energy..."
Her pleas are desperate and in a hoarse voice.
Even her exhausted body can tell there are still eggs in her belly.
Yet she has no more feeling in her womb or vagina. She has no hope of pushing the eggs out.
Derek "Useless woman. Very well, if you can't do it yourself, I'll help you."
Ladomira "Whuh...? What are you----!?"
She gasps before she can finish her question.
Derek is next to her, and she sees him raising his arm up high.
Ladomira "Ggggguuuuooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
The torture room is filled with a bestial scream.
Having her swollen belly punched as hard as Derek could muster, Ladomira fires the remaining eggs out of her vaginal opening one after another.
Ladomira "Gggwweeeeee! Gghhk, ghuuooohhhh!"
Derek "Hahahaha, you still have that many in you? Keep it up. Lay them all!"
Ladomira "Hnnngh! Aah, ahh, ahh! Nnnaaaaah!"
With every strike Derek lays down on her belly, more eggs flow out of her open hole.
In the face of such an unspeakable feeling, an unholy cocktail of pleasure and pain, Ladomira can only scream.
Ladomira "Ah... agh..."
When she thinks she is finally done, more semen is poured into her, making her pregnant again.
This is repeated again and again, paring away Ladomira's consciousness.
Derek "About fifty in all. Not bad for your first time."
Derek nods in satisfaction after counting the eggs on the floor.
Ladomira does not hear him.
Derek "But we lost over a thousand monster soldiers in the war. You've got your work cut out for you, Ladomira."
Ladomira "............"
Derek picks up the ladle again with a cruel smile on his face.
Ladomira's consciousness, however, is left behind.
............
......
...
#04_rad009
A few days have passed since her forced laying of many, many eggs.
Soldier A "Hey there, Miss Empress. You been doin' all right?"
Soldier B "Heheh, you got a way sluttier face than you used to."
Ladomira "Tch, I don't have time for your pathetic jokes."
Like every other day, lustful soldiers have visited Ladomira's cell.
The grins from the men who could do nothing but rape disgust her.
Ladomira glares at the men, but her eyes lack the sharpness they had when she was first imprisoned.
There are a few reasons for this, but the largest is the stone Derek had forced down her throat.
With her sensitivity increased, even pathetic cocks and their owners' miserable sexual prowess give her pleasure enough to fold.
And the more she orgasms, the more she loses her mana and ability to resist.
Her mind had been pared down by the variety of bizarre acts she has been forced to do, as well, such as the egg laying.
Ladomira (I have to negate the effects of this accursed stone, somehow...)
Soldier A "What're you spacing out for? The smell of my cock already got you that horny?"
Ladomira "Hmph, as mindless a remark as ever. Do you honestly think one such as myself would----"
Derek "I thought you had finally come around and accepted your lot, but it looks like you've got a ways to go."
Ladomira "Derek!"
As Derek steps in after the soldiers, Ladomira feels herself fly into a rage.
Yet within her burning anger is a bud of fear.
Derek is the man who brought her down this low, who crushed her pride and humiliated her so.
She hates him more than she can imagine.
Yet the fear that she may not be able to triumph over him has begun to slowly grow in her heart.
Ladomira (No, that's ridiculous! How could I fear a worm like Derek!? Impossible!)
She shakes her head to chase off doubts, and then she turns back to face Derek with a noble air.
Ladomira "And what brings you here? Unable to get enough of my body like these swine, are you?"
Derek "Looks like your body still works, but your mind is gone as can be."
Ladomira "Excuse me!?"
The blood rushes to her head from the obvious taunt.
Yet Derek ignores her vexations as he lays down his announcement.
Derek "It matters not. I've brought you a job you can take even in your mindbroken. It's time to serve your country."
Ladomira "A job, you say?"
She has grown to hate the word. It never means anything good.
Yet she could not show weakness. Not to this man.
Ladomira puffs out her chest and speaks like an empress.
Ladomira "Very well, I'll play your little child's game. Take me there, Derek."
Derek "I'm looking forward to seeing how long you can keep up the empress act."
After saying that, Derek looks at Ladomira with a smirk that chills her to the core.
#04_rad010h_rad06
Ladomira "Derek, you scum! You swine!"
Ladomira is bound and buried in the bathroom floor.
All that is outside of the floor is her crotch, face, and hands from her wrists. Her breasts are also out, with everything else being buried in the floor.
Being treated quite literally like a toilet, she looks up at Derek in rage.
Derek "Weren't you going to play along with this child's play?"
Ladomira "Silence, you! How dare you bring me to such a filthy place! Get me out of here, right this instant! That's an order!"
Derek "You really need to understand your place. You're a cumtrine now, and cumtrines don't talk."
Ladomira "Why are you doing this!? I could make you so much more coin than the other whores, so why squander me so!?"
Ladomira desperately thrashes about, but with most of her body stuck in the floor, she can get nowhere.
As she groans in bitterness and rage, Derek simply chuckles in derision.
Derek "Service Nation Constitution, Article One."
Derek "All women of the nation are obligated to use their bodies to fulfill all desires of all the nation's men with joy."
Ladomira "What does that have to do with anything!? I am the empress!"
Derek "Don't be ridiculous. This is the core tenet of this nation, and you being an exception has been nothing more than an aberration. I'm simply making things right."
Derek "Not even a former empress can be an exception. You're going to be pleasuring men with that body of yours in this bathroom."
Ladomira "This is not funny, Derek! Wait! Get back here!"
She shouts at him as he leaves.
But he does not even turn back, vanishing into the hall.
Ladomira is left alone in the public bathroom as another toilet.
Ladomira (Me, a cumtrine? The woman who has ruled over the Service Nation as empress? That cannot be... It must not be!)
She desperately squirms, trying to get out of the floor and right this injustice.
Yet no matter how she struggles, she cannot break through the solid floor.
Her struggles are ultimately fruitless, only wasting her time and energy.
Ladomira (He... cannot mean to simply leave me here? Truly?)
Right as worry begins to crawl over her, she senses someone approaching from the entrance.
Drunk "Urrpp... damn, I gotta piss... nnn?"
Ladomira "......"
Drunk "Hahahaha! Goodness, me, if it isn't Her Royal Highness herself!"
A red-faced drunkard stumbles into the room, staring hard at Ladomira before bursting out laughing.
It unsettles her, but she realizes she cannot let the opportunity pass her by.
Ladomira "You there. Get me out of this floor."
Drunk "Huh? Whatcha say?"
Ladomira "I'm telling you to save me from my bondage. N-Not for free, of course."
Ladomira "If you let me out of here, why, I'll grant you pleasure beyond your wildest dreams."
Ladomira "And if you want money, you'll have it! I'll pull it out of the treasure I have hidden away, so help me!"
Ladomira tries to sway him to her side, giving him conditions any normal man would kill for.
Drunk "Heheheh, that sounds real good, but I can't oblige, I'm afraid. They'll string me out if I let the toilet lady out."
Ladomira "Well, no one's watching. No one will know. I'm giving you the chance to have me however you'd like! I'll give you as much money as you desire!"
She begins to panic. She doesn't expect his reaction to be so lukewarm. Though reluctant, she lays on even greater conditions and greater temptations.
Yet the man simply responds with a base smile and lowers his pants, pulling his penis out with no hesitation.
Drunk "Heheh... well, empress... I mean, former empress, I can't get you out, but I can get myself off. In you. Hope that helps."
Ladomira "Excuse me!? Do you know to whom it is you speak!? It is far too late to apologize, you cur!"
Drunk "Ohh, I'm shaking in my boots."
Her generous offer shot down, Ladomira glares at the man in naked rage.
Yet he simply chuckles and approaches her, rubbing his erect penis up and down as he does.
Ladomira "You... base swine, get away from me!"
Drunk "Shut up, ya cumdumpster!"
Skkkrrrch! Glllch, chhhp!")
Ladomira "Agghh! Ghhk, nnmmm!"
His erect penis stabs into her dry cunt.
It forces her way through her flesh, and she furrows her brow in pain as she lets out a groan.
Drunk "Hm? What the hell, you're not even wet. You're supposed to be wet so a man can stick it into you any time! That's why you're in the floor!"
Drunk "Besides, this pussy ain't that nice. Not what I expected from the empress. It's normal like any back alley whore's."
The man roils his cock in her pussy as he complains.
Ladomira feels no pleasure in his connection, only rage.
Ladomira "How dare you...! Have you any idea how many men would kill to be with me!? How much royalty I have had obsessed with my pussy!?"
Drunk "Heh, then you'd better wake this puss up and make me obsessed with it, you cumrag!"
The man thrusts into her dry hole, forcing himself in, out, and around.
Shrrrp! Shhlllp! Shp, shhp, shp!")
Ladomira "Ahh, nnn, ghhkkk!"
His cock is as unimpressive as they come, and his drunkenness guarantees that his hip movements are hardly consistent.
As one who has experienced the very heights of sexual technique, it makes Ladomira want to yawn from boredom.
Or if the stone had not taken effect...
Ladomira "Agh, nnmm, urgh, haah... ghhkk!"
Ladomira (How could this be!? How could such a miserable cock get me like this!?)
Perhaps it is not just the stone, but the constant torments and humiliations that followed her dethroning. Either way, her body finds itself reacting in pleasure to the man's simple and bland movements.
Her gasping pussy drips with juices.
Drunk "Haha! There we go. There's the woman who slept her way to the throne! Always leakin' buckets after a thrust or two!"
With a proud smile, the man speeds up his thrusting, emboldened by the lubrication.
His penis begins to swell, and he loudly plows into her hole.
A numbing pain runs up Ladomira's spine.
Ladomira "Ahh, nnmm, agh... naah! Urgh, anngh!"
Drunk "Your pussy's getting real tight too. You like my cock that much?"
Ladomira "W-Who would like such a miserable, rotten dick!? Ahh... nnmm! I would take more pleasure in, nnmm, being raped by a pig!"
She feels greater heat in her crotch, and her womb begins to tingle with a burning.
Ladomira glares at the man with a harsh insult to deny what was happening in her body.
Drunk "Oh, I'm going to make you eat those words!"
Ladomira "Nnnmmmmkk! Agh, nnn, mmnn, ghhkk...!"
Her lips trembling with rage, and the man thrusts harder, diving deeper into her depths.
Juices are pushed out of her hole by his cock and wet the floor.
As his cock roughly pushes her pussy up, her folds cling to it as if begging for more.
Drunk "Look at this pussy, devouring my cock! I've never seen a woman better at being a cumtoilet!"
Ladomira "S-Shut up, you... nnn, you swine, I am a... ghhkkk!"
He pumps harder, aiming for her deepest depths.
The moment the head of his cock hits her cervix, she feels a searing pleasure and almost moans.
Ladomira (No, that cannot be! It cannot be! I cannot feel pleasure in my womb from this pathetic cock!)
Ladomira "Nnnhhhh! Ah, nnmm...! Ghhk, aghnn, nnmmm!"
Drunk "Heh, haha, your pussy's gettin' real tight, and I'm hitting that cervix! You look like you're gonna cum, so how about it, bitch!?"
As he insults her, his penis grows from the pleasure of being wrapped in her hot pussy.
Her body pulsates with heat as it senses the coming orgasm.
Her womb rustles enough to make her body twist after it, and her cervix sucks in the man's penis.
Ladomira "Gghhfff, aaahh, nnnmm! Nnm, gghk, gsshh, nnnnn!"
Ladomira (This cannot be! How could I be seeking this man's seed in this filthy pit!? I cannot let him make me cum! I must not!)
She desperately keeps her mouth shut, fearing that she will moan if it opens.
Yet her vaginal walls and womb demand his semen, wrapping around his cock in a tight embrace.
The membranes below grow burning hot as they rub together, and she gives herself up to the heat.
Ladomira (Ahhh, this can't be happening! Oh, damn, here it comes! Here it comes! No, I won't believe it!)
Drunk "All right, here comes all the cum you wanted! Take it all, you cumdumpster!"
Ladomira "Gwahhh! Aggh, nnm, nnnmmm! Cease this at once! Remove your base cock from my royal... annghh!"
She desperately pleads with him to stop.
His smile twists in sadism, and he thrusts deep into her cervix with a cock bulging to bursting.
Plllshhh! Pwsshh! Pssshhh! Pwnnshhhh!")
Ladomira "Nnnaaaahhhh! Ahhh, here it comes...! This filthy commoner's cum is filling my pussyyyyy!"
Juices jet out of his throbbing cock.
Her womb twists and spams as semen covers it.
Ladomira "Ahh, it's so hot... Ahh, I can feel it...!"
Heat pours into her body, enough to make her catch fire. Heat that all turns into carnal pleasure.
Ladomira "Ahhh! I can't... hold... it in! I-I'm going to cum. I----aaaiiieeee!"
Ladomira "No, no, no! I'm cumming. I'm cuuuuumming! I'm cumming to this pathetic diiiiick!"
Stuck in the floor, she spasms as she lets out a sweet moan, subjected to a humiliating orgasm.
Drunk "Phew, I came buckets. Ah, wait, shit, I was here to piss."
Ladomira "Whuh?"
Pllt... pwwssshh...
Ladomira "Bbbwuh!? Bweh... blechh!"
She is given no time to savor the afterglow of the orgasm nor wallow in her misery.
The man pulls out his dripping cock and immediately begins pissing.
The golden stream sails through the air and smacks Ladomira in the face.
Ladomira "Bwahh... bleecch! What are you...? Aggh, what, gah, gghhk!?"
Ladomira "Nnngh, nnnn? Bwah, ahh, gghhk, cah, cah, oggghh!"
When she closes her mouth to escape the stench stinging her tongue, the next jet of urine goes for her nostrils.
When she opens her mouth again, unable to deal with the pain in her nostrils, the urine finds its way in there again.
Ladomira (I-I cannot breathe! No, I will not. I will not die in a bathroom drowning in piss!)
Envisioning the worst, she violently thrashes her floor-bound body.
Drunk "Hey, quit your thrashing. You're a toilet, so act like one and take my piss! Hahaha!"
Blllsshh, chwwwiiish!")
Ladomira "Nnpphh!? Bblll, blech, bweh...! Chk, chk, gah, nn, nngg, guoohhh!"
Deciding it better than suffocating, she drinks the piss down.
Her body shakes uncontrollably from the filth.
Ladomira "Bweh, egeh, gwah... you filthy, disgusting... do you have any idea what you've just done!?"
Violently coughing and with eyes full of tears, she glares at the man.
Yet he shows no signs of fear and simply chuckles back at her.
Drunk "What I've just done? I used a woman, that's all."
Ladomira "You insolent fool! Who do you think you're talking to!? Have you decided to forfeit your life!?"
Drunk "Hahaha, damn, can't believe you're keeping up that kinda tone while stuck in the bathroom floor. Right, boys?"
Ladomira "Huh? B-Boys...?"
The man calls to whoever is behind him.
Ladomira then realizes that there are people behind the man.
This renders her speechless.
Ladomira "Wh----? Ah... Wh----!?"
It is not one or two men, but at least a dozen. And she feels even more behind those men.
If she was unlucky, it could be over a hundred.
Worse yet, the men all wear rags. They all appear to be filthy slum-dwellers.
Ladomira "Why...?"
Drunk "With how loud you were screamin', anyone would know this is where you are."
Ladomira "N-No, why do I have to be subject to... men like you!?"
Drunk "Because you're a goddamn toilet, miss former empress!"
The man says that with a resentful grin before spitting at her.
Ladomira "Ghhk! Why, you...!"
Right as she attempts to shout at the man, the men waiting their turn pour in on her.
Their eyes hold not just lust but great resentment built up over the years.
Man A "Oh, it really is the former empress!"
Man B "Heheh... just thinking of bein' able to use her like a toilet's got me rock solid."
The men grope at Ladomira's piss-sullied face and hair without reservation.
One of the men tugs on her hair, hard.
Ladomira "Ow! Unhand me, cur! I do not allow you to touch me!"
Man A "Hahaha, get a load of this, boys! She still thinks she's the empress!"
Man B "Sounds good to me. Makes it all the better to take out all my rage. Gods, you know how much your goddamn whims ruined me!?"
Ladomira "Agh! L-Let go of me, now!"
Ladomira screams an order when she hears the madness in his voice.
Yet she cannot stop what he is about to do.
And being stuck in the floor, she cannot escape, either.
All she can do is endure what the men have in store.
A week passes, and she is still in the bathroom floor.
Ladomira "Nnmmm, gghhhh, mmrr, shllp, ghk, ghkk, nnmmm, shllp!"
Since being made into a human toilet, Ladomira has been raped day and night.
Endless streams of semen have been pumped into her cunt and throat as well as sprayed over her. Urine too.
Her shining white skin and glossy hair are now covered in dried male seed, ruined and reeking.
She has the scent of an uncleaned bathroom.
Yet even in her sorry state, men have drowned her in their desire.
Hobo "Oohhh! More, more, suck me moooore!"
Ladomira "Ghhhfff, nnnmmm, shllp, chlp!"
The man delivers a demand as he plows into her mouth as though it were a pussy.
Yet Ladomira, exhausted from the constant violation, has neither the energy nor the willpower to meet his request.
Hobo "Tch, damn useless toilet."
Ladomira "Ghhk!? Grrrk, nnmm, mmuooh!"
He tears into her throat with the head of his cock with more violence.
The pressure is so much that her stomach fluids pump up to her throat as she chokes.
This makes her throat undulate, rubbing against the cock.
Hobo "Yeah, that's more like it! See, you got it in you!"
His pleased chuckle puts the fight back in Ladomira's fading consciousness.
Ladomira (To think that I... have been made a plaything for these disgusting...!)
Usually, Ladomira only had her pick of the finest men to tease and toy with for her pleasure.
Yet the man before her is a filthy bum, one who sullies her eyes with his mere presence.
And such a man is using her as little more than a tool for his own pleasure.
No matter how many dozens or hundreds of men rape her, she will not accept it. She cannot.
Ladomira (I swear on my name that every last one of these men, I'll...!)
Hobo "Heheh, those're some really wantin' eyes. You want my cum that bad?"
Ladomira "Gghhhff!? Ouggh, agchn, ggllk! Gweh, ggwwrr, ggff, gghhhkk!"
A sadistic spark in his eyes, the man thrusts his cock so far into Ladomira's throat, it feels like he'll pierce it.
The head grinding down her throat swells harder and larger, and his entire cock throbs.
Hobo "Here it comes! Gonna make that bitchy face of yours all clean, so appreciate it!"
Ladomira "Gghhdsfhgjshg, ghhhccchhh!?"
After announcing his orgasm, the man yanks his cock back out of her throat.
Plllsshhh! Pwwsshh! Plllpp! Plplplpl... pllllllp!")
Ladomira "Abb!? Bwwoohhh!?"
He pushes the head of his cock against her nose and unleashes a stream of sticky fluid from it.
With the globs of semen filling her small nostrils, she lets out a foolish-sounding cry.
Ladomira "Bwahhh!? Uggh, wnnn!"
The stream blasts into her nostril without end and spills out the other, making a vile sound as it does.
It flows into her mouth, as well, forcing her to cough it out.
Hobo "Cum's comin' outta your nose like snot! Bwahahaha!"
Ladomira "Bbiaaah, ahhgh, ah, gooh, oggohhh!"
He shakes his hips as he laughs, continuing his ejaculation.
Ladomira thrashes and quivers as he does, leaking his seed from her nose and mouth.
Ladomira "Nnmmm... kknn, bbww, eh, chhff, chhf, agh... h-how dare you...!"
The inside of her face burns with pain, and she feels the irresistible desire to claw at it.
This is coupled with the feeling that semen has spread under her skin, and she feels indignation bubbling up inside of her.
Ladomira "How... dare you put me th----uweh, buheh!"
Right as she tries to shout at the man in a rage, a jet of semen pops out of her nose instead.
Hobo "Ahahaha, now you're lookin' beautiful! Like you're really playin' the part of a toilet! Perfect!"
Ladomira "Ghhhk, you...! How dare youuuu!"
The man rubs the last of the semen on his penis on her face, and then he leaves the bathroom as his business is finished.
Ladomira's resentful voice rings emptily in the deserted room.
Ladomira (I will not forgive a single one of them! Every single one of these insolent men, I will track down and give a slow, painful death...!)
Ladomira (Most of all you, Derek!)
The desire to take her revenge on Derek keeps Ladomira alive.
Yet no time is given to her to ruminate on this desire.
Man "Damn, this place is filthy! It's worse than I heard!"
She hears a voice both surprised and disgusted.
Ladomira looks up. The man who has stepped in looks immediately unpleasant.
Ladomira "I did not ask to be in this filth."
She shoots back at the man in a low, resentful voice as if finding someone to voice her frustrations to.
Man "Hahaha, I bet. Well, that's what I'm here for, to clean you up."
Ladomira "Hnn!?"
She feels genuine surprise. For this past week, she has not expected any cleaners to show up.
Ladomira (Ahaha... It looks like I still command respect. Let me use this man, and----)
Man "All right. All right. I'll use this to deep-clean that pussy and asshole of yours."
Ladomira "Wh----!?"
Her eyes shoot open when she sees what is in his hand.
And in her distraction, the man shoves the toilet brush into Ladomira's crotch.
Plllccchh! Brrrssccchh! Pchhhtttt!")
Ladomira "Gyaaahh! Lggghh, kuaahhhh!"
He mercilessly mixes the stiff brush in her vagina, swollen from days of violation, grinding it in deep.
She feels a burning pain attended by an offness. It is a sensation different from a cock or dildo, and she thrashes wildly.
Ladomira "Gggwaahhh! Aggh, aahhhh! W-What the...? What the hell have you put in... aaggghhhh!?"
With each motion back and forth of the brush, semen comes spilling out of her hole.
The mass of milky white tumbles to the ground with a splorch, forming a large puddle.
Man "Hahaha! Damn, you got used a lot. Let me try like this and squeeze it out of your ass too."
Shllp! Tccchhlllch! Pssch, pllch, grrrchh!")
Ladomira "Nnnnaaah! Ah, aaggh, nnm! Uggiiiiiie!"
He changes the angle of his brush, roughly scratching at the anus side of her vaginal passage.
The brush squeezes in on her rectum, and a white stool of semen shoots out of her ass.
Ladomira "Haaaooohh! How... could...!"
The overwhelming heat from her pussy further numbs the sensation in her fingertips. Even the ends of her hair feel numb.
Man "Haha, looks like you're really enjoying getting cleaned up, huh? Well, there's more where that came from!"
Ladomira "S-Stop now! Ggghhhhnnn! Gwahh... agh, nnmmm!"
The man grinds the brush up in her vagina with greater vigor, and then he turns his wrist around to rub at her cervix.
Ladomira tries desperately to close her mouth at the sudden burst of heat from her nether regions.
Ladomira (Aggggh, it's so hoooot! Ahh, no, no, no, it just... burns because it hurts...!)
As her cervix is ground into by the stiff brush, she thrashes her bound limbs as she desperately tells herself how much she hates it.
Yet after a week of being violated without end, her brain can no longer tell the difference between pleasure and pain.
Ladomira (No, that can't be. It can't... be...! Why does it feel so damn good!? I cannot hold it back. I cannot contain this... pleasure...!)
Her body is scrambled from the inside.
Her soft vagina tears from the friction and bleeds.
Yet despite it all, she feels a sweet numbness and an unmistakable desire for more.
Man "Hey, don't tell me you're seriously going to cum after getting your pussy cleaned with a toilet brush! Damn, you really are a human toilet!"
Ladomira "Ggwahh, ahh, agghh! Hggiiiah, aggh, nnm, kkkk, nnnmm!"
Ladomira (This can't be. I can't accept it! It's not even a dick. It's just a toilet brush, but it feels so good! And I don't want it to!)
The more rapidly the man thrusts, the better it feels.
As he scrubs the insides of her hole, her body begins to spasm from the overwhelming pleasure.
Ladomira (I hate this, but it feels so good! I-If I let this toilet brush pleasure me, I'll really become a damn toilet!)
Juices flow out from her pussy as the brush stirs up her cum.
Her vagina starts to contract powerfully as if to coax the brush to make her feel more.
Man "Time for you to cum! Cum your brains out with this brush like a good little toilet!"
Ladomira "I don't want to, dammit. Not with that brush! I don't... Ahh, I don't want it! I don't want it! So please stop. Stop this. Cease thiiiiis!"
Her desperate pleas fall on deaf ears, and he thrusts the brush into her cervix, hard.
It pushes up her womb and brings her to the door of orgasm.
Ladomira "Nnaaaah, aggh, gwahh! N-Not there, no, I'll really... Oh, damn, I can't... I'm going to...!"
Man "Don't hold it in! Let loose, toilet pussy!"
The blow is so powerful it bends her womb, and Ladomira's buried body tries to lunge back.
Ladomira "Ffff, gwaaahhh! Naaaah, gah, ahhh... I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cuuuumminnnnngggg!"
Pwsshh! Shllpp! Shhpppwwsssshh!")
The huge orgasm nearly blows Ladomira's mind away.
Her whole body shudders in dizzying pleasure, and she unleashes a stream of urine.
Man "What the hell are you pissing for? I just cleaned you up, toilet lady!"
As she pees, the man thrusts his brush into her back and forth even more fiercely.
Pleasure lays atop pleasure, deepening Ladomira's orgasm.
Ladomira "It's too good! I can't take it! I'm going to... Ahhh, I'm cumming!"
Ladomira "Nnaaah, I'm going to cum agaaaain! How could I? Nnn, the empress has cum while being cleaned as a toileeeeet!?"
Pwwwwwssshh! Plplplpchhh!")
The forbidden pleasures of being treated as a toilet and the liberating sensation of urination.
Ladomira loses herself in the intoxicating pleasure of both orgasms, doing nothing but moaning on.
Ladomira "Ahh... ahh... ah... aheh..."
Even after her long orgasm ends, Ladomira's consciousness remains hazy.
The sensations of her body are off, and she cannot even be sure of the position she is in.
However, a strange heat remains in her stomach. That is all she can feel.
Man "Hahaha, did getting your pussy cleaned feel that good? Let me clean out your asshole next!"
Ladomira shakes her legs when she hears that as if in anticipation.
Ladomira (Ahh, what... happened to me...? Why does being used as a toilet feel this... good...?)
Ladomira (No, no, that's not it. I don't want him to use me more... I...)
Her body acts the opposite, and her anus quivers in anticipation, yearning for the brush.
Ladomira (Is this going to... keep going on...? Forever and... ever...?)
Ladomira (If it does, I... I'll...)
As the thought of unending humiliation and violation flashes through her mind, an unfamiliar word comes to mind for the first time in dozens of years: worry.
Yet her thoughts are immediately overwritten by pleasure the moment the man sticks the brush in her ass.
A month passes...
Ladomira ".................."
Ladomira is in the bathroom alone.
There are no men present.
So filthy, festering, and fly-infested is she that no men use her to satisfy their sexual urges anymore.
She is a toilet that goes uncleaned, forgotten by all.
Yet before her appears the man the former empress hates more than any other----Derek.
Derek "The new look suits you."
Ladomira "Ah... eah..."
Her unfocused eyes move slightly.
Her cracked lips make a tiny budge, and she lets out a wordless sound.
She has wanted to murder this man no matter the cost.
Yet now, those feelings have long faded.
She has accepted her defeat. She cannot defeat him.
Derek "Looks like you've learned a bit about what it means to work."
Ladomira "Ah... ff..."
His mocking voice sounds far, far away.
After making a sound in the affirmative, Ladomira loses consciousness.
............
......
...
#04_rad011
A few months have passed since Ladomira's defeat and capture at Derek's hands.
On that day, the city is awash with crowds and excitement.
Word has spread through the streets and the land far and wide that the coronation of the new emperor is to be held.
It is said that the swearing-in would be held on the balcony of the far-off castle.
Man A "Damn, I was hopin' to see the castle up close."
Man B "Haha, no need to be so down. We can see 'em from here, I'm sure----they'll just look like ants!"
A man comforts his friend, ale in hand.
Only the highest of society are allowed in the castle. Service Nation nobles, high-level soldiers, high-ranking bureaucrats, church officials, and VIPs invited from other countries... The list goes on.
A few particularly wealthy folks are invited, but most commoners would have to make do with watching from afar.
Still, the crowd has faces of expectation, joy, and base lust.
All know well what has become of the former empress, Ladomira.
The common folk are simply disappointed they will not be able to see her official reemergence.
Man B "Oh? Looks like it's about to start!"
Man A "Where? Oh! I think I can see something!"
The booming sound of trumpets fills the streets.
Everyone stands on their tiptoes and puts their hands to their foreheads, squinting to see the castle balcony.
Though as far as all can tell, Ladomira is there.
#04_rad012h_rad07
Ladomira "Nnnnnaaahhh! Oh, no, here it comes! Here it comes! Cock, cock, cooooock! Lord Derek's cock, right... up my pussy!"
The moment she leans her face over the balcony's rails and looks down at the ground below, Derek's penis slams into her from behind.
So thick, stiff, and hot is Derek's penis that it feels painful even in Ladomira's soft, supple vagina.
When his bestial member slides all the way to her womb in a full thrust, she immediately orgasms.
Ladomira "I'm cumming! I'm cummiiiiing! I'm cumming while my womb is being violated. Oh, no, I'm cummiiiiing!"
She climaxes with an obscene face before the crowd of those she had ruled for so long, spilling juices from her pussy all over.
This is, of course, just the beginning.
Ladomira "Ahhhnn, nnmm, gguoohhh! Deeper, deeeeeper! Oh, no, your cock is tearing into my womb!"
Maintaining a firm grip on her head, Derek begins to thrust roughly into her.
Shuddering in the afterglow of her orgasm, her pussy and womb are rammed into by his erect cock.
Ladomira "Nghhhhh, nahhhhhhhh! Aghhh, kahhhh! Hahhh, ahhhhh, there are so many watching, though!"
She sees the crowd below. Men and women of all ages, all pointing and laughing.
Those who used to bow to her now look on in mockery and derision.
Ladomira's nipples and clitoris are pierced with jewels as proof of her subjugation.
The people point at her fallen frame and clap as they laugh.
Yet she does not care. She loses herself in the pleasure Derek gives her.
Ladomira "Aaaaahhh, so deeeeep! You're grinding so much into my womb. Oh, ohh, ohhh, damn, aaahhhh!"
He thrusts with enough power to bring her hips in the air.
Her body quivers in the pleasure of having her womb thrust into her stomach, and she starts twisting her hips in turn.
She clenches her pussy around Derek's cock, tightening her grip to make him feel even just a little pleasure.
Ladomira "Ahh, cock, cocckkk! Lord Derek's cooockkk! Ahh, annnh, aaaiiieee!"
Derek "How long are you planning on moaning? Don't you have something else to say?"
Ladomira "Nnm, ahh, I-I do! I'll, mmm, I'll say iiiit!"
She leans out over the balcony, drool of pleasure dripping from her mouth.
Ladomira "I... I----! Aahhh, I love getting my pussy plowed ssshhhooo much! I'm a cockslave tiefliiiing!"
Ladomira "Annnndd, mmm, and yet! Nnn, I-I foolishly, nmmmm... sat atop the Service Nation throooone!"
Moaning all the way, she shouts her rejection of who she was, loud and proud.
Each station-destroying word makes her body and her soul quiver in ecstasy.
Ladomira "And then... aahhh, mmm...! It was Lord, ahh, Lord Derek who... mmm, who righted my wrongs! Ohhh, how grateful I am to hiiim!"
She announces in no uncertain terms her subjugation to Derek in front of the people who used to prostrate themselves before her.
The moment she announces her gratefulness, she feels her body almost floating and cannot tell if she is standing or not.
The only sensation in her mind is Derek's penis, piercing into her core with its burning passion.
Ladomira (Ahh... how did I get here...?)
The last remnants of her reason flutter in her mind in reminiscence.
She ended up in the Service Nation after drifting in from the northlands and became a harlot.
She had grown skilled enough to make even kings eat out of the palm of her hand in the blink of an eye, and she used that to take the throne herself.
Ladomira thought that her spring would last forever.
Ladomira (But... ahhh, but now...!)
She opens her quivering lips as Derek's cock fills her entire womb, burning it with its girth and bringing her pleasure.
Ladomira wishes to keep this new happiness, this new pleasure, going forever.
Ladomira "And nowwww! As proof of my gratitude! I... I... aiiiieeeee! Ahhh!"
Ladomira "I solemnly, nnn, sweaaaar! I swear to be, nnmmm, a cuntslave of the Service Nation, mmmm, for the rest of my life!"
The moment she speaks her words of absolute submission, her body quakes and explodes in pleasure.
Ladomira "Haahh, agghh, aahhh! I'm cumming. I'm cuuummiiing! I'm cumming while swearing myself to slavery, ahhhh!"
She cannot resist the tide of her orgasm.
Her pussy clenches hard and unconsciously, clamping down on his cock.
She lets out a lustful moan that echoes throughout the balcony.
Derek "Who said you could cum?"
Ladomira "Kuaahhh! So... roughhhh! Ahh, ahh, if you keep, ahhh, going like that I-I...!"
Derek's immense cock pumps into her more as she orgasms.
She is not allowed descent from her orgasm. She begs for Derek's forgiveness, tears and snot flowing through mind-melting pleasure.
Ladomira "I'm cumming! I'm cuuumming! I can't take, ahhh, anymore! Plleaaase, pleaase, enoooough!"
Not caring that she is in the throes of her orgasm, Derek continues his fierce onslaught on her.
Her womb squashes against the impact of the cock, pushing up her organs.
By all means she should be awash with nausea and on the brink of vomiting, but she finds herself in the throes of pleasure so great she can but shed tears.
Ladomira "Stop!! Oh, damn, please, stop. I'm... ahh, begging you, Lord Derek! Oh, master, pleaaase!"
She begs for his forgiveness in the frightful throes of pleasure.
Every shred of imperial dignity is long gone from her.
All that remains is the image of a pitiful woman, completely subjugated to a man.
Derek "Can't even follow the order to hold your orgasm? What a sorry slave you are. If you can't even be a slave, what can you be?"
Ladomira "Nnaaahh?! Ah, aggh, hhggghhh! Kwah, ah, ah, ahhh!"
Her lower abdomen is stretched like silk, and his penis is thrust so deep into her that its outline can clearly be seen through her skin.
As she trembles from the shock, a single word is carved into her mind.
Ladomira "Ahh, ahh, I... I-I..."
She clings to the balcony as she spasms.
Her heart races so deeply it feels on the verge of bursting, and she can hear it in her ears.
Ladomira's pussy pulsates violently, embracing Derek's cock.
Derek "Looks like you've realized what you truly are. Come on, out with it. What are you?"
Ladomira "Nnn, ahh, haah, haah... I-I'm a..."
Her declaration of her slavery has immersed her in enough pleasure to burn away what rationality she had left.
What level of pleasure awaits her if she declared herself to be an even lower being?")
She wants to taste it. She wants it bad.
Gripping the guard rails with her trembling and spasming fingers, she leans over it even more.
Ladomira "I'm a toiiilet! I'm a flesh toilet! I am Ladomira, ahh, greatest cumdumpster in the Service Natiooooon!"
As soon as she declares herself lower than a slave, she falls into an even greater orgasm.
The pleasure is so overwhelming that she can no longer tell what is up and what is down. The laughter of the pointing crowd comes down on her like a tidal wave.
The laughter strengthens her self-conception as a receptacle of flesh, doubling her pleasure.
Ladomira "Ahhh, please, pleaaaase! Use my pussy to expel your seed as, mmm, much as you waaaant!"
Derek "There we go. You're a hole. Glad you understand yourself."
Ladomira "Nnnaaaah, aahnnn, aannnmmm! Ahh, oh, no, dammit, give it to meee!"
Derek's thrusting immediately accelerates.
The force he brings feels like it will scramble her organs, and she holds onto the guard rails for dear life.
Derek "You're supposed to want me to spew my cum in your hole, aren't you? Tighten up some more down there, come on."
Ladomira "Ohh, ohh, you got it. I'll tighten up. I'll tighten my pussy like the cumdumpster I am!"
Ladomira "Ahhh, Lord Derek! Lord Derek! Lord Dereeeek! Fill me with your hot, sticky, juicccccy cum!"
Her pussy fiercely contracts around his penis as she orgasms, squeezing it tight.
Her scorched pussy-meat tightens around his cock, but his powerful thrusts easily peel it off.
Ladomira "Unnngh, oh, ohhhh! Oh, no, I can't hold on. I'm cumming. Lord Derek, I'm cumming!"
Derek "All right, I'll fill you up. Clamp down and take it all."
Ladomira "Yes, yes, oh yes, master, I'll tighten up! I'll rub your cock with my pussy!"
The burning pleasure scorches her all the way to her fingertips.
Yet she still twists her hips to tighten her pussy, trying to rub his cock as much as she can.
Ladomira "Nnn, aahhh, anngh! L-Lord Derek, ahh, it's happening. Oh, no, my toilet pussy is going to burn up!"
Derek "Good. I'll give you what you want."
Ladomira "Nnnn, ah, ahhh! Please give me that cum. Fill me with your spunk!"
Every fold of her scorched vagina sticks to his cock and brings the head to her cervix.
His penis answers the tightening with a great throb.
Plllllsssssssssshhhh! Pllllp! Shpllrrrrrrrrrrrt!")
Ladomira "Nghhhhhhhhhhh! Ah, damn, here it comes! Here it comes, Lord Derek's cum. There's so much of his spunk!"
The tide of white comes in like magma, filling her womb and hole in the blink of an eye with scorching heat.
Ladomira can only prostrate herself before the wild, masculine tide that rolls over her.
Ladomira "I'm cuuuumming! My toilet pussy is cumming from my master's seeeed!"
Ladomira "I'm cuuuuuuuuuuummiiiiiiiiing!"
Her whole body shudders in tune with the throbbing dick inside her as she crashes into a huge orgasm.
The orgasm is not sexual in nature alone.
Her everything is validated, wrapping her in a joy she had never felt while empress.
Ladomira "Nnn... hah... ahh, ahhn... haah... ah... hahh..."
The powerful orgasm leaves her without enough energy to even lift a finger.
A smile decorates her face.
Joy she has never felt before embraces her.
Derek "Now, to wrap things up, answer me: What are you?"
Ladomira "Y-Yesh, master... I am a... flesh toilet... a cumdumpster..."
Ladomira "Haah, haah... and... Lord Derek's... hish majesty's... loyal s'vent..."
She declares loyalty to her master straight from the heart.
When she sees her master give her a satisfied nod, joy fills her heart.
Derek looks over the town square below and the city streets away before making a booming announcement.
Derek "Hear me, loyal subjects! As of now, I am your new emperor! As your new ruler, I will bring this nation back to its rightful form!"
Derek "In the Service Nation, we deny no desire! We live true to ourselves and our deepest wants! That is the absolute rule of our nation!"
Derek "All desires are accepted in this land, and we will strike down with force those who would deny us!"
Audience "Raahhhhh!"
The city cheers at Derek's grand visage and declaration.
Everyone thrusts their arms to the heavens and unleashes an earthshaking cheer.
Ladomira "Ahh... amazing..."
Ladomira saw an emperor announcing the foundation of a new nation, and the loyal subjects who would follow him.
It is a beautiful sight to see.
Ladomira "Ohh, Lord Derek..."
Joyful that she is able to witness this moment and glad she would be able to serve such a wonderful emperor as a slave, Ladomira's consciousness fades to white as if consumed by her orgasm.
And thus, Derek Rondo became emperor.
Emperor of the new Service Nation----the true Service Nation.
#04_ser001
Seraphina Rentoit.
She is a high elf of legendary status, hailing from the Holy Kingdom of Aurelia.
Further, she is no ordinary high elf, she is one of the last three remaining ancient high elves in the world.
They are called the Three Wise Ones of the Beginning, and each of them has inherited a part of the soul of the Goddess Larentia, the founder of the high elves.
One of them, Celestine Lucross, had the power of foreknowledge and was worshipped as the supreme symbol of the Church.
Similarly, it is said that Seraphina would save people with her purifying power when the world would be in danger.
Led by Iris and her disciples, the Holy Kingdom was founded upon this.
The power that Seraphina possesses is by no means an exaggeration or mere folklore.
She had erected a barrier to keep dark beasts and monsters at bay.
She hoped to harness this power to ward off Ladomira, the greatest of these dark creatures.
The presence of Seraphina only helps the kingdom's defenses.
Now, the question is, how to claim that power.
Seraphina "............"
Seraphina stares in silence at Derek as he visits her holding chamber.
Even though she had been raped so severely, and her lasciviousness had been exposed to the public, there is no sign of fear or trepidation toward Derek in her eyes.
She also doesn't give in to the vices of hatred or loathing.
She has a calm, unshakable will.
An ordinary man would have turned his head away from the noble likes of her.
But Derek just smiles.
Derek "For being some high elf of legend, you weren't different from any mere mortal cunt."
Seraphina "The womenfolk of our kinds both descend from the design of the Giantess. It is no surprise that we share certain similarities."
She responds to the impolite glances and ridicule with a powerful gaze.
The determination not to take a step back is evident, but it does not hide the paleness of her face as if her constitution has been compromised.
Derek (I guess it's true what they say that she can only show her true potential in a clean and bright atmosphere.)
The lore teaches that Seraphina thrives in bright, light energies, but in the Service Nation, the darkest energies abound.
Derek smiles slightly.
Derek "Yes, you are definitely just a woman. And with your good looks, you would make a perfect whore."
Seraphina "How do you go on like that?"
Her eyes fill with regret as she looks upon him.
The Service Nation has become a crucible of self-desire and lust. Seraphina had originally aimed to dismantle it entirely.
A feast of lust unfolds day and night in the Service Nation. It heralds tragedy and madness.
The intense negative emotions that arise there generate the dark energy that engulfs the nation.
Ladomira was born of this dark energy and exists only to destroy the balance of the world.
If one were to kill her, there is no telling how many times she would reincarnate.
Seraphina's determination has been to destroy her, the root of the Service Nation.
But she has been unable to execute that mission.
Seraphina drops her gaze and bites her lip.
Derek "I know you aren't above hate. You will learn that as you have your legs spread for many patrons."
Seraphina "That kind of thing... I could never..."
Derek "Sure, say what you will. They all start out just like you are now."
Derek "But I do concede... you are different than the average woman. You are the ringleader of that wretched circus you call the Holy Alliance, standing in opposition to the Service Nation."
Seraphina "And what of it?"
Seraphina's body tenses slightly in alarm at Derek's glare.
He grins.
Derek "Give me your power."
Derek "Your goal was to kill Ladomira. I will fulfill that goal."
Seraphina "That's..."
She is shocked to hear such words from one of Ladomira's subordinates.
Seraphina, as expected, is speechless at the absurdity of Derek's suggestion.
Soon, however, Seraphina's white beauty turns to red anger.
Seraphina "If you sought such cooperation to start with, then why did you even begin a war?"
Derek "Hmph, don't get me wrong."
Derek "My goal is to mold the Service Nation in accord with my will. But you are trying to destroy that nation."
Seraphina "Hn!?"
Derek shows himself to be a true poster boy for the Service Nation.
The teaching is to be true to one's desires and forsake all else.
Seraphina sighs and tries to shake off her headache.
She raises her eyes to meet Derek's gaze.
Seraphina "I knew that I had to slay the tiefling for the sake of this world..."
Seraphina "But before you, now, I can see that she isn't the only thing I must rid this world of to protect it."
Seraphina "Even if I were to render her body lifeless, I would still need to weed out desire, such as your own, for the sake of the world. This nation serves to destroy the checks and balances of the world."
Seraphina "You are beyond redemption."
Derek "Does this mean that our negotiations will yield no fruit? Oh, whatever will I do?"
Derek can't help but smile as he speaks.
Seraphina braces herself for what was yet to come.
Derek "Well, if you and I can't get anything sorted out, I'll just have to see what Iris has to say."
Seraphina's shoulders quiver at the mention of that name.
Derek "Besides Iris, you have a lot of other friends that you tried to take on Ladomira too, didn't you?"
It is an obvious threat.
Seraphina must consider the consequences not cooperating will have on her allies.
She looks away from him.
She can see them when she closes her eyes.
Seraphina slowly opens her eyes and looks straight at Derek again.
Seraphina "My answer is the same. There is no way I can help you with your ambitions."
Seraphina "I'm sure Iris... and everyone else will support me in this."
Derek "I truly hope that they do."
Derek's eyes catch Seraphina's as he laughs sarcastically.
Seraphina does not look away from Derek's gaze. She stares at him with unyielding determination.
Derek "Fear not I have prepared a partner for you."
Derek lightly raises his right hand and snaps his fingers, keeping a vicious smile on his face.
Immediately, the door is opened with a bang and crash.
Raymond "Oh, Lady Seraphina! I am so elated to have had an audience with you like this! Oh, thank God!"
Seraphina "Huh? Just... who are you?"
Seraphina is overwhelmed by the grinning person who has intruded without even so much as a knock.
Raymond "Oh, I beg your pardon. My name is Raymond Lullus. I am a mere lowly man in the service of God."
Seraphina "Raymond Lullus..."
She repeats his name while keeping her eyes on him.
He is indeed dressed in the guise of a priest.
But his demeanor does not resemble a priest of either the Holy Kingdom or the Service Nation.
The man's speech and behavior are sincere and enthusiastic.
But the light in his eyes seems to be concealing something.
Seraphina "And you are... to be my partner?"
Derek "Raymond, why don't you enlighten her about your beliefs?"
Raymond "It would be my pleasure."
Derek ignores Seraphina's question as he gives his order.
Raymond turns to Seraphina and clears his throat with a smile.
Raymond "I have a tale to share with you, Lady Seraphina, that even a high elf, such as yourself, might find hard to believe."
Seraphina "Please go on."
Raymond "You believe that in this world there are no other divinities other than the giants that are the foundation of this world... do you not?"
Seraphina "Of course."
Raymond "I had thought you might say that. But I believe you to be mistaken."
Seraphina responds to Raymond's strong words as if to admonish him.
Seraphina "Mistaken? There was a time in which false prophets convinced many to praise false gods."
Seraphina "But it was all for naught. In the end, we are all merely children of those ancient giants."
Raymond "No, there is more. Besides those giants, there is a God too."
Seraphina "So, that's----"
Raymond "Lo and behold, I have been burdened with knowledge! I have heard the words of God!"
Seraphina "Huh!?"
Raymond, who had been speaking calmly until then, suddenly exclaims with a smile as if possessed by madness.
Raymond "He hath given me a divine mission to fulfill! As I have become a vessel for his words, I am to seek out the vessels for his divine seed!"
Raymond "It is truly awe-inspiring that I, a mere being of clay and dust, be charged with such purpose and revelation!"
Seraphina "Hn!"
In disbelief, Seraphina turns her eyes to Derek as if to plea for help.
Derek (Since I was young I too heard the sermons that there was nothing other than the giants...)
Derek (Well, maybe there are others out there like what's in Raymond's head...)
Raymond "Do you understand? Do you comprehend!?"
Seraphina "Uhh, no... that..."
There is nothing else to know aside from the fact that Raymond has fallen into madness.
She looks at Derek as though to make sure he can hear this fool's rambling.
Derek "Raymond has proclaimed that you will conceive."
Seraphina "A... child?"
Raymond "Not just any child, but the child of mingling the greatest of light energies with the purest of dark energies! You shall receive the seed of my dark god!"
Seraphina "Tch... that's impossible!"
Finally understanding Raymond's intentions she tries to nip his ambitions in the bud.
Light energy and dark energy mingle to conceive a divine child.
It is no joke to Seraphina, who has lived for eons, following the order of the world.
She believes that Raymond has been deceived by a dark creature calling itself a god.
She also thinks this creature wants her to birth its spawn.
Even if she did conceive, no holy child could be forged from such a union.
Seraphina (I can't believe what I'm hearing... What on earth am I supposed to do?)
Derek only offers her a wry smile.
Derek "Wipe that ridiculous look from your face. No such divine child has ever been born... yet."
Seraphina "Hnnh!?"
Derek "But divine or not, whatever you excrete from your pussy will inherit your power. That is my ambition here and now."
Seraphina "No... I simply can't... It is not possible for me to bear the fruit of a dark creature."
She denies Derek.
Seraphina has a point.
The power of Seraphina, the reincarnation of a goddess, weakens creatures of darkness. One would not survive in her womb.
But Derek still smiles.
Seraphina chokes as she realizes her fate might be set.
Derek "Well, then at least you will spew onto this world a healthy child."
Raymond "Quite! The time is right! Come, let us proceed to the temple!"
Seraphina "Huh? Ah! Kyah!?"
Raymond suddenly grabs Seraphina's arm and starts to rush away.
As slender as she is, Seraphina cannot resist and is taken straight out of the room.
She can hear Derek's laughter from behind her.
Seraphina "Hnn... This is..."
She covers her mouth as she enters.
It is not just any church that she finds herself in now.
She finds herself surrounded by heathen imagery.
Hooded figures line the room.
Above all, she can sense the dark energy in this place.
It radiates from the center of the room.
In a shallow pit in the middle of the chamber black, slimy creatures slither.
The scene and dark energy dot her flesh with goosebumps.
Seraphina "W-What is... that? Why is...? Hnn..."
Raymond "Welcome to the house of my God! The greatest of welcomes is extended to you, Lady Seraphina."
Seraphina "Huh? Hnngg!?"
Raymond listens not to Seraphina's words.
She whimpers as Raymond's grip on her arm tightens, and he drags her onward.
She is being taken straight to the pit of black creatures.
Seraphina (No, don't... Don't go any further... Hn!)
She has been completely swept away by her partner.
There is nothing she can do to avoid being raped by the evil being before her now.
Seraphina (I... must steel my soul...)
Upon being brought to the Service Nation, she had an idea about what her future would be like.
But she never imagined this would be her destiny. Yet, here she is.
Seraphina (Indeed... I had succumbed to my own fear...)
She knows Iris and her other companions would have been slaughtered had she not conceded.
There is no undoing that now.
This is why she can no longer allow herself fear.
Seraphina "I can walk on my own. Release my hand."
Raymond "Oh, quite right, Lady Seraphina!"
Raymond turns around with a smile. Upon releasing her, Seraphina is placed into bondage.
Seraphina "Khh! What is the meaning of this!?"
Raymond "Come, Lady Seraphina! You will be bathed in the dark energy of my God!"
Seraphina "Gyaahhh!?"
He suddenly hoists Seraphina up into the air.
Before her screams could even be heard she has already been plunged into the black pit.
#04_ser002h_ser03
Seraphina "Ahh!? Uhhh!?"
Shackled, Seraphina is thrown into the writhing and surging pool.
The pool is filled not with water but with huge, viscous, worm-like creatures.
Seraphina "This is... Hnn... ahhnn... hnngg... hnn!"
The creatures swarm upon Seraphina.
They stretch and crawl, biting and sticking to her.
Seraphina knows at once what these creatures really are.
They are dark leeches. They're beings that live solely by sucking the light energy from the living.
They suck on every inch of her body.
Seraphina "This is so... No, get them away from me! Ahh! Hnn... khh... hah!"
They cling to her ankles, writhe between her fingers, and delve between the clefts of her tits and ass.
They crawl up her belly and bite into her tits.
She couldn't fight all of them off even if her hands were free.
Raymond "Oh, Lady Seraphina! Embrace the hands and apostles of my dark god! Let them cleanse every corner of the world with their filth!"
Seraphina "Apostles? What on earth are you going on about?"
The worms crawl from her breasts around her neck.
They cling to her limbs and hair, dragging her deeper into the slithering pool.
Seraphina glares up at Raymond, the one who threw her into the pool.
Raymond "Seraphina, you shall be the holy mother of the divine child! Rejoice! Praise him, our dark god!"
Raymond looks up to the heavens and spreads his hands.
The dark leeches quiver with vigor as he does this.
Seraphina "Kahhfh!? Hnnkh... ahh... That's... Hn!"
They now turn their aim to her cunt.
She can feel them all diving into and concentrate on that one point.
Seraphina "Kafh... hnkh... naah! Ahh... ahh... hah... hnngg... That's... just... Hnn!"
They seek to burrow into her.
In a panic, Seraphina begins to scratch at her legs to get them away.
But their numbers are just too great.
Seraphina "Hahhh, ahhhhh...!? They're going that far... Nghhh, hahh, ahhh... If they spread there... nghhhh... hnnn!"
Some of the leeches latch onto the lips of her pussy, opening the way inside.
She then feels the slimy flesh on her hole.
One presses its bulbous head into her and then dives deep into her pussy.
It isn't hard like a cock, but she can still feel it throbbing inside her.
Seraphina "Khh... hnn... This is... Hnn! Naah... hah... hnngg... This isn't right... Hnn!"
Seraphina steels herself as the torrent of torment spills upon her.
All of this is because of her own shortcomings.
Most of all, she fears Iris being subjected to the same torture.
Just the thought of it brings tears to her eyes.
Seraphina never intended to give up so easily.
Seraphina "Hnnngg... hahh... khh... hnn... This is too much... Hnn!"
She kicks her legs trying to fling off the gnawing monsters.
But her limbs grow heavy with their weight.
Every inch of her body is molested by the leaches.
Yet she refuses to not fight back and flails.
Raymond "Oh, Lady Seraphina, why do you resist these apostles of God!?"
Raymond "Oh, perhaps I understand. You have yet to sample the majestic revelations of our dark lord!"
Seraphina "Hnnn!? That... That's... Hnkh... hnn... hmmmff... uhh!"
Another leech aims for her anus and presses its head into it.
Shivers race down her spine as she feels their presence from both the front and the back.
She tries to squeeze her holes closed.
Raymond "Lady Seraphina, fear them not! The apostles promise eternal peace!"
Seraphina "How could such a thing... be an apostle of any god? This is mockery! This sullies the legacy of our creation!"
Seraphina "Everything... Everything I know... From the start... the giants... I know how the world is! Hnn... hah!"
The high elves are said to have been born of the tears of the Giantess who fell from the heavens.
The pride of her kind could never accept such wretched creatures or a dark god.
Raymond "I do not mean to defy your belief! But my god is truly here!"
Seraphina "Hnnngg... uhh!? Kahhf... uhh! Ahh... hahh... It's... going in!"
Her hips flail and shake.
One of the leeches digs its way into her cunt.
She feels its disgusting warmth writhe within her.
As she twists, it crawls in deeper.
At the same time, she feels the leech pressing on her anus.
Seraphina "Khhh... It's too much... Huhh! Hnn... ahh... No... Hnngg... khh!"
She struggles to banish the one that has penetrated her as she tries to swim in them.
But the tearing in her pussy breaks her concentration.
Her hips buck at the sensation of the creature in her cunt.
Then a second, third, and more dive in after the first.
Seraphina "No... No more... No! Hnnngg!"
Raymond "Come now, Lady Seraphina! Let the filth of the earth be cleansed now!"
Seraphina "Nhyaaah!? Hnnngg... hannhggh... hnn! Khh... hah... What are you... doing there? Hnngg! Naaah!"
The leech at her anus continues to work while she is distracted.
What should be an exit is becoming an entrance for the leech.
Seraphina's eyes widen in pain and disgust.
Seraphina "Hnnf... hmmmph! Huh... haahh... hnn... hnn!? Hgkh!?"
She tries hard to close her sphincter, but the leech still proceeds deeper due to the strength it gains from her bodily fluids.
Seraphina "Bahh... naah!? Ahh... Oh, my ass! It's splitting it open! Gahh... khhh!"
Seraphina writhes more intensely than ever before, trying to escape the leaches.
But her slightly raised body is soon swallowed up by them again.
Sprrt! Gsh! Drrp! Splg! Sprrt! Gsh! Drrp! Splg!")
Seraphina "Guhh... ahh... hnnng... I can feel it... so deep... in my stomach and ass... Ahh!"
Several of them suddenly avalanche into both of her holes.
While her cunt fills quickly, more and more pile in her ass.
She can feel them bite into her digestive tract.
Seraphina "Uhh... huh... hyaahh... ahh... That's... That's... Hnn!"
She hears the sound of her flesh tearing deep within her body.
Despite thinking her cunt is already at maximum occupancy, more leeches force their way through.
Their crawling can be seen protruding through the flesh of her abdomen.
Seraphina "Ahh... hahh... Really? There? Hnn!"
The sound of her flesh creaking deep inside her body gets louder than before.
Several insects are sucking at her cervix, trying to force it open and pry in.
Seraphina "Khh... No matter what... Hnn... I will never... Hah!"
Seraphina glares at Raymond with tearful eyes.
He just smiles and nods.
Seraphina "Hnnngg... hmmff... hnn!?"
She feels pain at having them prying deep inside her.
In that instant, she feels a chilling fear, and the sensation of her body floating.
Seraphina "Ahh... hah... So deep... hnnn... even in my womb... Hnn!?"
Seraphina "Khh... hhh! Hnnngg... hhh... hnn!"
She holds her breath and gives it her last effort as she tries to clench her pussy tight.
But the sound of them tearing into her does not diminish.
Mlshhh! Mlshh, mlshhh... mlshhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Hnng! Ahggh... hnnngg... kaaahh!"
Seraphina turns her face up and screams like she never has before.
They pry their way past her cervix and flood her womb.
She can feel her uterus swelling as they fight their way in.
Seraphina "Aghhhhh, ahhhh, khhhhhh! My belly, kahhh, ahhh, and my womb! Hnn... kahhhh, hahh, ah, ahhhh, aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Her abdomen swells up like a woman nearing full-term, and her mind grows distant.
But she maintains consciousness.
Seraphina "Haghhhhhhh...! Nahhhh, ahhhh... khhhhh, hhh, hahhh, aghhhhh... hnn!"
They begin to circle and spiral within her womb.
In both her holes, she can feel them sliding and squirming between her fleshy folds.
She can see their tails protruding from her nethers.
A large tail is also protruding from her anus.
Raymond "Behold, Lady Seraphina! The time is upon us! By holy water, you must be cleansed from within!"
Seraphina "Khh... hnnn... hmmff! Khhh... huh... hahh... Holy... water? Hnn!"
She doesn't know what Raymond means.
But she turns her eyes up to Raymond with an intense look telling him to do as he pleases.
Seraphina "H-How wrong can you be? How blind? Hnn! To worship such a creature... that cannot even sustain itself!"
Seraphina "Ahh... hnngg... No matter how much you force me... to serve and worship... I will never... ever... Hnn!"
Raymond "No, Lady Seraphina. My god is true."
He looks down at her with perverse compassion and raises his hands.
At that moment, the leeches with her seem to go manic, and her body swells.
Seraphina "Haahh... ahh... hhh... R-Really? That's... Ah... aahh... hnn!?"
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Seraphina "Kaahhhh! Hyaaahhh! Hehnnn!!"
The swelling leeches unleash all they have inside her, pulsating and flailing madly while spraying hot sludge into her.
The muck erupts inside her ass and cunt, causing her body to swell to even greater proportions.
Seraphina "Kuaahh! Agghh... hnn... ahh! I can feel it in my stomach! Hnnngguuhhh!!"
Even though it is gushing back out, they continue to spray into her womb and rectum.
Spllllrrrrrt, bshhhhh, bshhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh!!")
Seraphina "Hnnnnggguuhh! Again? They're cumming... again!? Ahh... My belly is already... Ahhh!"
Seraphina's body flails violently at the bizarre situation of being pumped full of their dark fluids.
But with her hands restrained, she is powerless to get away from them or stop them from cumming.
Seraphina "Ahhh... uhh... This is... making my stomach... That's... Hnkh... hnnn, kfff!"
Her abdomen nears bursting.
Seraphina shakes her head in pain at the overwhelming sense of desecration. It is so intense that she almost loses sight of her own existence.
Raymond "Resent not the pain, Seraphina! You are being made pure! Receive the blessings of my god! Be enveloped in his heavenly glory!"
Skeekh... krekh...
The sound of her stomach gurgling with the desire to shit comes from deep in her belly.
She tries to hold it in.
But it is impossible to escape the effects of their dark enema.
Meanwhile, another strange noise echoes from Seraphina's swollen belly.
Skeekh... kekh... kree!")
Seraphina "Ahh... haahh... hahf... hnn! Impossible... How can you... you bastard..."
Her stomach continues to grow and sting.
Her gaped anus burns in agony.
Raymond "Now is the time, Lady Seraphina! Release! Release the filth of this world!"
Skeekh! Kekh... kree!")
Seraphina "Uhhgg... hnn! Khh... hnnff... hnnn... huh... hahh... ahh... Bastard... what are you... Hnn!"
She sees Raymond's intent but fights against the humiliation.
He wants her to defecate the fluids she has been pumped full of.
All she has to do is shit it out.
Skeekh! Shekh! Skree!")
Seraphina "Uggh... khh... hnnkh... uhh!!"
Her anus burns with pain.
Her strength shakes as she nears the end of her resistance.
She knows the relief of release will be great, but she doesn't want to give in.
She should not accept her humiliation.
Raymond "You need not endure, Lady Seraphina! Release the filth!"
Seraphina "L-Leave me be! Hnn! Hnngg... hnnnff... uhh!"
Knowing there is no other way, Seraphina strains her sphincter muscles and tries to close her anus tightly.
Her belly is burning hot, but the area around her anus feels oddly cold.
Skeekh! Shekh! Skree!")
Seraphina "Hnngg!? Hnnf... ahh... ahggh... Hhnn!"
Her belly rumbles as the leeches continue their dance inside her womb and digestive tract.
The pain penetrates her whole being from toe to brain.
Seraphina "Hnngg... ahh... No! I can't take it! Naah... I can't endure it! Ahh!"
Seraphina "Aaaagghh! Huhhf... naah! Hooh... My stomach... is ripping... from the inside... Hnn!!"
Seraphina desperately tries to restrain her anus.
However, contrary to her will, her spasmodic anus slowly opens.
She feels as though the leeches are starting to suck some of the fluids out of her.
Brapph! Bah! Burrraah! Bryuuuhh!!")
Seraphina "Noooooo!!"
Her anus coils up within her as the bugs spray their fluids into her. The tearing sounds that come from it are insanely vulgar.
They flood her holes with white muck.
Seraphina "Hyaaahh... ahh... hah! Ahh... They're cumming... Uhh! It's spilling out of me!"
Brapph! Bah! Burrraah! Bryuuuhh!!")
Seraphina's mind is shaken between the relief of spewing forth everything built in her and the humiliation of being witnessed doing something that so closely resembles defecating.
Her nose runs, and she gasps in disbelief in humiliation.
Brapph! Burrraah! Bryuuuhh!! Bah!! Burrraah! Bryuuuhh!! Bah!!")
Seraphina "Ahh... naahh! Can't stop... Even though... I want to... Hnn!"
Seraphina's excretion lasts for a long time. As soon as she thinks it's over, more shoots from her.
Seraphina "Ahhhhh... ahhhh... hahhh... uhhhh, nghhh... nah, hahh, hahh... khhhh... hnn..."
Seraphina's body shakes with regret as everything is expelled from her.
With what little light still remains in her eyes, she looks up at Raymond. Her heart burns with embarrassment.
Seraphina "Hahhh, ngh, hahh, hahh... Even if you do this... I... I will definitely... hahh, hahhh... not show devotion to your god..."
Raymond "Simply brilliant, Seraphina! Now, let's take a moment to cool down."
Seraphina "Huh?"
He smiles without any regard for Seraphina.
Then she realizes the sensation of the leeches writhing within her.
Pain runs down her abdomen and into the whole of her body.
Seraphina "Naah... aggh!? They're... ahhh, going back inside of me...!?"
She feels them diving into her from the front and rear.
She has no strength to resist.
Seraphina "Hahh! Ekhh... hnngg... uhh! Khh... hnn!"
Both her cervix and her rectum have been left agape by the little monsters.
With her linings exposed, the leeches pursue their goals.
Seraphina "Kuaahh! Hahhkh... ahh... hnn... hyaahh!"
They pile into both of her cavities all at once.
With her cunt left agape, it's far too easy for them to make her belly swell once more.
Seraphina "Hahh... hah... kafhh... hah! Hnn... hahh... nah... khh... uhh!"
Her breath is faint from the pressure and pain, and her screams break down.
She can feel dozens of them swimming inside her womb and digestive tract.
Seraphina "Ahh... khh... hhh! Uhh... hhh... hnnngg... My stomach... Gahh... hahh... hahhff..."
Raymond "Lady Seraphina! They will keep going until they've cleansed you of all your filth!"
Seraphina "Hnn...!?"
Her eyes widen at his cheerful words.
All the bugs inside her pulsate and throb.
Her swollen belly ripples again.
Seraphina "Ahh... hahh... That's... what? Again? Hahh... Oh, my stomach... Hnn!!"
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhh! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhh!!")
Seraphina "Khaahh... hnn! Ahhh... agghnn... hyaaahh!"
The bugs spray into her womb and rectum.
Her stomach swells further, and it is attacked by the burning heat from within.
Unable to resist the heat, Seraphina arches her back hard and lets out a guttural scream.
But as long as she is submerged in this pond of filth, Seraphina will never find peace.
She is forced again to shit out the contents of her distended gut.
She gasps for breath between her throes of agony.
It repeats over and over again.
Seraphina "Ahh... hhh... hhh... hhh..."
The entire interior of her body is purged and stained by the fluids of the leeches.
The bugs don't even have to try to penetrate her anymore.
After all, they've been at this all day.
Raymond "Rejoice, Seraphina! Your stain has at last been cleansed to the last drop!"
Seraphina "I... I will... Hhh... I will never... Hnn..."
Her eyes close as she stares up at Raymond.
Her lips move as though she is speaking, but no sound is produced.
............
......
...
#04_ser003
The next day...
Seraphina "Hnnn!"
Seraphina had been standing quietly. She suddenly shakes her shoulders and wraps her arms around herself.
The nightmarish memory comes back to haunt her.
Within her skin, she can feel the stains of a dark curse.
Seraphina (I must... resist and not let this seep into my soul...)
Concentrating on this, she focuses on her breath.
She counts down and breathes slowly to evoke a sense of calm.
She puts her hand on her chest and sighs heavily.
The fear has passed, but the palpitations have not yet subsided, and her palms are still sweating.
Seraphina "I must do something... and quick."
Seraphina continues to mutter as she stares out her window.
Seraphina knows that Iris and her other comrades of the Holy Alliance are being brought to this castle.
But when she asks her maid about this, her maid offers no answers.
Seraphina "Oh, Iris..."
She bemoans the name of her dear human friend.
She imagines that Iris must be treated even worse.
Her heart aches at the thought.
Seraphina "If I just had enough strength..."
Seraphina coughs slightly.
Here, in the capital of the Service Nation, dark power is denser than anywhere else in the world.
She feels as though she is drowning in it.
Concentration evades her.
As she stands there, wishing to be reunited with Iris, a knock raps on the door.
Before Seraphina can answer, the door opens and a man with a soft smile enters.
Raymond "Wonderful! You look splendid today, Lady Seraphina! Thank God!"
Seraphina "Tch..."
Seraphina is taken aback by the appearance of the false prophet who has forced an obscene fate upon her.
She has already learned the hard way that this man, Raymond, is a nuisance that cannot be taken seriously and has no common sense.
Raymond "Come, Lady Seraphina! Let us go! The ritual is today! Our god is waiting for you!"
Seraphina "How do you spoil the word god with your mouth!"
Seraphina's tone of voice is tinged with disgust.
But that is not surprising knowing that Raymond calls demonic leeches the apostles of his deity.
She can't imagine what he is actually calling a god.
But he does not register her disdain and just continues to talk.
Raymond "Lady Seraphina, we must make haste to the temple! The congregation has already gathered!"
Seraphina "Bloody heathens..."
Seraphina shudders with fear.
Even her bright eyes darken with repulsion when looking up at Raymond.
This is one of the few chances she has to actually leave her holding chamber.
Seraphina (Maybe... I can find some clues to lead me to Iris...)
Reluctantly, she takes Raymond's hand with a grain of hope in her heart.
Seraphina "What... is this place? What... are these people doing?"
Her hope remains unfulfilled as Raymond leads her to the temple.
Her speech is robbed of her as she witnesses what is transpiring there.
The flesh of countless males and females mingle under a haze of moans.
Not just in pairs, but in groups of three, four, or more.
Seraphina's face grimaces strongly at the heated stench.
Seraphina "You want me to join... in this?"
Raymond "Not at all, my dear! They are summoning him! Come, Lady Seraphina, I shall take you to where his voice is closest!"
Seraphina "Huh? Ah..."
The nude figures abounding about her distract her for a moment, their faces concealed in this heathen orgy.
Many of them reach out to cling to Seraphina's hands.
Seraphina "Hah! Don't you dare touch me!"
She barks at them and pulls away.
But her high elf strength fails to resist the human male.
She twists and struggles but is carried to the occult circle scribed on the floor of this chamber.
Raymond "Come, Lady Seraphina! Receive the word of God!"
Raymond raises his hands and proclaims with glee.
Responding to his words, the arcane scribbling begins to glow.
Seraphina "What!? Gyaahh!?"
Suddenly, many thick and long tentacles stretch out from the magic circle, entangling Seraphina's body.
Seraphina is lifted aloft into the air.
#04_ser004h_ser04
Seraphina "Kahh! Get your hands off me! Let me go!"
Trapped by tentacles shooting out from the magic circle, Seraphina is held upside down in the air.
She can feel the suction cups on her limbs and tits.
Seraphina "Kuh... hnn... kahh... That's... hnn!"
She stares down at the floor with a face painted in bewilderment.
Something like a summoned octopus head emerges from the magic circle.
Of course, it couldn't be just a regular beast.
She can tell by its eyes that it is some kind of demonic creature.
Much like the leeches she has already suffered, this demonic octopus is little more than a creature of instincts.
Seraphina "And this... wretched beast... is the glory of some deity? How can you say such things?"
Seraphina scolds Raymond who looks up at her bound by tentacles.
But he gives her no heed.
Raymond "Oh, Lady Seraphina! You are indeed a precious High Elf! My God seems to have taken an exceptional liking to you!"
Seraphina "Won't you listen to what I'm saying? Hnkhh!?"
Seraphina's protest is replaced by a strong moaning.
The movement of the tentacles has changed from merely restraining Seraphina to caressing her skin.
Numerous suckers suck and pull at her skin, stroking and rubbing.
Seraphina "Nahh... hahh... hahh... That reminds me... Hnn!"
Not only does the demon octopus have the same level of intelligence, but its properties are also the same as the leeches she knows so well.
They both absorb her light energy.
Seraphina "Hnkh... khh... uhh! Naah... There... Hnnn!"
A warm, wet, raw sensation caresses the gap between her spread legs.
Her hair stands on end in disgust.
Seraphina "Hngg... khh... Release... me! I said release me! Uh... khhh... uh!"
Try as she might, all her mustered strength is meaningless as she struggles.
Seraphina's crotch is open, and she continues to be forced to a humiliating position with her ass above her.
Seraphina "Ahnn... khh... The sucker is... ah, sucking me... Hnn!"
She can feel the small suckers on her pussy lips.
Seraphina stiffens her body and tries to withstand the stimulation brought by the tentacles.
But then a tentacle as thick as her pinky finger reaches out and suddenly attaches itself to her clitoris.
Seraphina "Hyahhnn!? Ahh... hhnn... hnn!?"
A hot tingle that numbs her whole body pours out from her cunt.
The lewd waves pulsing through her body increase, and the temperature of her flesh scorches.
The tentacles caress and tighten around her breasts from both sides as if they were loving her fiery skin.
Seraphina "Wahh... hnn... ahh... Even my boobs... No, ngh... ahhh... This is... Hennhkh!?"
The sucker sucks on her clitoris and moves in for a sweet bite.
Her toes tremble in pain from the intense pleasure.
Seraphina "Naah... hehh... hyaaahh!!"
While her clitoris is being tortured, thick tentacles begin stroking her entire crotch.
They spread her pussy lips apart and a row of suckers plunge into her.
Seraphina "Hehhf... hwaaah... ahh... hwaaahh!"
It is as if several lips and tongues are simultaneously licking and sucking her cunt.
Her discomfort soon fails to pleasure.
Seraphina (No! I... will not give in to such perverse desires! I will not give in to demons!)
Seraphina "Khh... hhh! Hnnff... hahh... hhh... hfh... hnnff... uh!"
Seraphina forces herself away from the impending pleasure.
She grinds her teeth while trying to banish the heat from her flesh.
Seraphina "Huhh... hnn!? Khnn!?"
Mockingly, the tentacle pulls at her sucked-upon clit.
The boneless appendages vibrate and squirm to send pleasure directly into her clit.
Seraphina (Hyaahh... ahh... W-What? Why? Why am I feeling such heat?)
Raymond "Oh, I feel my god's excitement! Seraphina, you are the perfect mother for the divine child!"
Seraphina "Hnkh... hhh... I... I... Uhh! I won't give in... I won't bare this wretch upon the world!"
Her clit is sucked harder by the tentacle.
Her whole body trembles unbearably hard, and her pussy juices spill out as if pushed out from deep inside her body.
However, the tentacles suddenly move away.
Seraphina "Naah... hahh... hnnn... hah... hah?"
Panting, her eyes dart to and fro.
The demonic octopus is still undulating and wiggling its tentacles above the magic circle.
She gulps audibly.
Her body trembles and burns as her clit and vulva are tortured.
Seraphina (Hah... What is going on? Why... am I responding like this?)
As if to cover up the sad tingle she feels in her own body, Seraphina scolds herself in her mind.
Then...
Bah!")
Seraphina "Nhaaah!?"
Bah! Thunk!")
Seraphina "Hah! Hyah! Hehh! Hnn! Hahhh!?"
Small shocks continue to echo deep in her lower abdomen.
Her eyes widen with surprise as thin tentacles dive into her cracks.
Seraphina "Nhyaahh... What? What is...? Ahh... hahh... hfhh!? It's moving... inside... Hn!!"
The feeling is completely foreign to both Derek's phallus and the previous leeches.
It's not the heat or hardness from before, but the sensations are unmistakable.
Seraphina "Hahh... ahh... hhh... ahh... hyah!? Hehh... nahh... This... is... Hnn!"
The tentacles crawl around Seraphina's cunt as if to dissect each of the countless folds of meat within her.
The intricate movements trace the shape of her vagina, reaching places she's never touched herself.
Seraphina "Khhhh, ahhhh, hnghhhhh, kfff, hahhh... No, no, ahhhh, nghhh..."
Seraphina "Hahhhhh, those folds... hah, hahhh... hnghhhhh! Even my folds... hah, hahh, are being slipped between...!"
The thin sensation from the tendrils is like nails on a chalkboard.
Seraphina is overwhelmed by the enraging sensation welling up in her cunt.
Seraphina (Ahh... ahhh... What... is happening to me?)
She tenses her whole body to try to stop the sensations.
But it is futile resistance.
Seraphina "Kuhh!? Hehh... uhh... naahh!? Ahh... agh... khh... hmmm!"
The tentacles press their way through her pink folds.
She feels it slowly creeping into her depths.
Seraphina "Hnn... hnnff... huhh... ahh... hah... So tight... Ahh... My womb... Hnn!"
Several tentacles trace around the entrance of her pussy and lightly knock against her to check the state of her womb.
She feels her womb tingle due to the prodding within her.
Seraphina (Hnn! I can't believe... what I'm feeling... inside me!)
She has no idea how to resist the all-encompassing violation.
The tentacles reach deep into her vaginal canal and poke at her cervix as their shafts come together.
She grits her teeth while trying to persevere.
Seraphina "Hyeaaahh... yahh... hah!? Khh... So deep... again!"
She feels the pain of demonic rape in the deepest bits of her pussy.
The pain quickly fades and a hot sensation spreads to the deepest part of her cunt.
Seraphina "Heh... hyah... hnn!? No... No way... Why is... hyahh!?"
She can feel the tentacles in her uterus.
She can feel them examining the surface of her womb.
She can't resist her mind putting an image to her sensations.
Seraphina "Nghhhhhh, ahhh, hahhhh, ahhhhh...! If I'm seen like this... hghhhhh!"
The tentacles knot up into a shape like a tongue slithering over the inner walls of her womb.
Seraphina can't stand the feeling and tenses her legs and limbs, trying to get just as far away from them as possible.
Her body is tingling more strongly from the stimulation.
Despite the horrific violation, her nipples are hard and erect, her twat is dripping with pussy juices, and her cunt is boiling hot with sensuality.
Seraphina "No way... No more... Naahh... ahh... No more... Hnn... I can't... Hnn!"
Seraphina continues to encourage herself hard with her hot, moist eyes.
When the tentacles pull out of her cunt, she can feel the cool air on her gaped canal.
Seraphina "Naaahh... hahh... hnn... khh... ahh... aahh!"
A new tentacle slithers up to Seraphina as she pants and breathes heavily.
Her eyes are stuck on this one. It's the size of her arm.
Seraphina (No... that can't... It won't... Oh, hell, no... Hnn!?)
She can feel the slime of the tentacle dripping onto her cunt.
Her vulva is bathed in the drops. It opens and closes repeatedly as if breathing.
Seraphina (Ahh... What's happening to me? My... body... is desiring... that fat, wretched thing...)
She knows that the reproductive members of the demonic creatures are forged of filth and are hideous to look upon.
She hates that her body seems to ache for this wretched member despite her conscious resistance.
Her womb throbs, and her cunt twitch as if begging to be raped.
Seraphina "Hnngg... naaah... gack..."
Her heart pounds in her chest, and she swallows as the tentacle approaches.
Although she should have known she shouldn't, she spread her own legs to facilitate insertion.
Seraphina "Naah... hahh... hafhh! I... What have I...? Hahh... hnnn!"
She tries to pull her hips away to escape the slimy limbs.
She can't believe it, but her slit seems to open on its own to welcome the foreign organ.
Her gaping cunt leaks pussy juice.
Shllllk, shlllllllllk! Shlllllllllllllllllllk!!")
Seraphina "Hnnngg!? Hngg... hhh! Khh... hhh... hhnn... hnngg!!"
The tentacles spread her lips and push slowly inside of her.
Her cunt is stretched to its limit by the hard tentacles.
Seraphina can't resist moving her hips, trying to escape this sensation.
Seraphina "Nghhhhhh! Kah, hanghhh! I'm... acting improperly... Ughhhh, ungh, hnn, nahhhhhhh!"
Seraphina "Nhyeh... hahh! I can feel the suckers... on my flesh... ahhhhh... sucking, rubbing... and penetrating me... nghhhhh!"
Perhaps it was the effect of the caresses applied by the slender tentacles, but Seraphina can feel what is happening to her cunt in excruciating detail.
The movement of the thick tentacles crawling toward her slowly and steadily appears in her mind's eye, and this further arouses Seraphina's bizarre libido.
Seraphina (Oh, this is terrible... Horrific! Hnn... Ahhh... My body... and this pleasure... hnnnn!)
Seraphina "No! Hnn... No, no no!"
She feels her voice rise as she is being swept away in pleasure.
But the thick tentacle continues its slow invasion. Its tip finally reaches Seraphina's cervix.
Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!")
Seraphina "Hnnff!? Khh... gahhh!?"
She can feel the tentacles pushing on her womb up into her body.
She can feel numerous suckers prying at her tightly closed cervix.
Seraphina "Nghhh, ahhhhh!? Khhhhhhhh!? Hahhh! Hahhh, hahhh, hhhh, hhhh...!!"
The burning only gets worse as she feels it in her womb.
Her cunt writhes and twitches on its own.
Seraphina "Nooooo... Hehh... nahh... hnnmmmff... hnnn! Hah... aahhh... I will... persevere! Hnn!!"
As her pussy tightens, the tentacles push deeper into her abdomen.
Hot waves spread from her womb to her entire body, and Seraphina clenches her fists tightly as she tries to not lose her mind.
Deep inside her cunt, an extremely thick tentacle twists its large, hard end against her cervix.
Seraphina "Hyeahh... hehh... hnn... naahh! There's...!!"
She trembles at the pain of her cervix being forced open.
Yet her heart trembles not only with fear but anticipation.
Seraphina "Hnn... No! No, not at all! I don't... want this... Hnnn! Hyaaah! Hah! Aahh!"
Seraphina "No, no! No! What is the meaning... of this? I... Ahh!?"
Shlllllllllp, shlllllllllllllllllp!!")
Seraphina "Khyaaahh!? Ahyaahh... naahh... hnng! Uhnn... hnngg... kwaaahh!!"
The huge tentacle forces her cervix open.
The tip of the tentacle hardens like a rod prodding her insides.
Seraphina's body shakes unnaturally as if she had been hit by an electric shock.
Seraphina "Nhyaahh, hnng, hnnngg, ahh! Aggh, kahff, ahhh! Hnn!? A-Again? Kuaaahh!"
The tentacles continue to invade, rubbing the inside of her cervix with suckers, inflating her uterus, and beginning to coil inside her.
She feels them stretch her uterus.
Seraphina "Naahh... hahh... hhh... huuuhh... hnnngg... hyeaahhnn!?"
The suckers of the tentacles suck all at once to the inner wall of her uterus.
The slightest movement of the tentacles sends a vivid sensation of pleasure running from her cunt to her brain.
Her cunt constricts on the girthy tentacles that stretch her near to the point of tearing.
Seraphina (I... I can't believe... this sensation...! Hnn... nah, ahhhh...!)
The pain in her womb and stomach almost makes her cry.
And yet, there is a part of her that wants more and doesn't want this to end.
Seraphina "N-No! No! I... I will not! I could never even think of..."
There is nothing she could do for herself. Nothing she could say to make this end.
Seraphina "Gyaaah!? Hnnngg... hnnnggh! Hyaaah! Heh... hehh... hnn! Khh!"
She can feel the suckers extracting something from her womb through the suckers.
No, even worse, she feels like they are pulling her womb out entirely.
Seraphina "Nhyeahhh! Haaaaahhn! Naaah! Gaahhh... ahhh... hnnn!"
Her vision flickers and she can no longer tell up from down.
The relentless tentacles gouge out her cunt and pummel her womb, and she has no choice but to scream.
Raymond "Simply amazing, Lady Seraphina!"
Raymond "Surrender yourself to my god! For only at the end of supreme pleasure can the son of god dwell!"
Seraphina "Khh... kakh! Hnnggg! Uhhnn... naahh... hnn!"
Fortunately or unfortunately, the loud voice of an emotional Raymond brings Seraphina back to reason.
Seraphina struggles to regain control of herself as she is about to be swept away by pleasure.
Seraphina (That's right... This is----! Ahhhh, I... Ahhh, Iris... Ahhhh, Iris!)
She can see Iris when she closes her eyes, and this gives her fortitude.
She is sure Iris endures this kind of humiliation too. So she encourages herself that she can endure it too.
But the tentacle's pounding only intensifies.
Seraphina "Nghhhhhhhhhhhh!! Nahhh, ahhh, aghhh... kffffffffffffffffffff!!"
With their suction cups more strongly attached to the inner wall of her uterus, the tentacles are vigorously pulling out.
She imagines Iris being gutted like this.
For she knows the reality of her inside parts becoming outside parts.
The thick tentacles penetrate her vagina again, wrapping around the bare folds of her flesh.
Seraphina "Hunnnggh! Nhaaah! Khh... naahh! Aahhh! Gaahhh! Nhaaahhnnn!"
The tentacles dart into her womb through her gaping cervix.
Seraphina bites her lips and tries to hold on to reality as she feels her mind unravel.
Seraphina (No, nooooooooo! This is----! I can't feel pleasure from something like this!)
Seraphina (Ahh... I must... persevere... Uh! If I don't... I can't show my face to Iris!)
She feels her sight weaken as her womb is pierced over and over.
Trying to keep her composure, she is struck even deeper.
Seraphina "Hyeaaahh! Haaahhh! Hyaaaaaahh! Naaah! Ah! Heeaaaahhh!!"
She feels her uterus get crushed and pressed deeper into her chest.
She loses the image of Iris smiling in her mind and gives in to her screams.
Seraphina "Waaahh! Enough already! I can't go on like this! No! I can't! This is impossible!"
Her hips quiver as if she is flailing, and a splash of white, muddy pussy juice splashes from her pubic cleft while it is still full of tentacles.
Raymond "Oh, oh, that's good, Seraphina! Oh, yes, Seraphina! You will receive the sperm of my god in your womb!"
Seraphina "Nhyaaaahh! Agghh! T-That's...! That is... Haaaahhhh!"
Seraphina's last scrap of reason is beginning to break.
Heavy thrusts pummel her womb one after the other.
Seraphina "Hunnnggh! Naaah! Khh... naahh! Aahhh! Gaahhh! Naaahhnnn!"
Her whole body shakes violently as her womb is crushed.
A hot flame rages in her body, almost spewing out of her mouth.
Seraphina "Waaahhh! Ahhh! Hnnngg! Enough! It's too much! Uhhh!"
With tears streaming down her face, Seraphina cries out that she is at her limit.
One of the tentacles is so hot and swollen that it feels as if it might burst and pierce through her cunt.
Splllllrrrrrt, bshhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Hnnnnyaaaahhh! Hyaaaahhh! Hnnn! Uhhh! Aaaahhhh!"
A burning dose of demonic spunk is sprayed into her womb. She feels it swell inside her as she is pumped full.
She feels the suckers pull her womb with great force.
Seraphina "Hnngg!? Hnnff! Uhh..."
Spllllllrrrrrrrrt, bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Hnnnggh!? Agh... hnnff... Hyahhh! Uhhh! Hnnnn!!"
Giant doses of cum shoot into her over and over again.
The sucker is flung off in the momentum and her womb swells accordingly.
At the same time, her belly swells greatly, and Seraphina is swallowed by a lurid pleasure.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhh, gshhhhhhhhh!!")
Seraphina "Nhyaaaaahhhh!!"
A momentary feeling of levitation envelopes her entire body, and Seraphina is pulled straight into the abyss.
She can feel the demon's jizz fertilizing her now.
Seraphina "Ahh... hahh... hhf... hnn... kakh... hah... hnn..."
She almost loses her mind in the throes of climax.
Whit juices noisily rush from her cunt even though it's blocked by tentacles.
Raymond "Oh, Lady Seraphina, that was brilliant! Only a high elf could take that much divine seed!"
Raymond "We are all looking forward to the day when Lady Seraphina will conceive the divine child!"
Seraphina "Naahh... hahh... ahh... I..."
She refuses to birth such a wretch.
But she is too exhausted to protest.
............
......
...
#04_ser005
The next day...
Raymond "Praise be... Seraphina's seeding ceremony has been concluded!"
Raymond concludes the report with a broad smile.
Luka and Lucaon are standing next to Derek. They still seem to be blatantly in disdain.
But Derek's smile is not a wry one toward Raymond, but a cool-headed one as he watches the plan unfold.
Derek "So... Seraphina has conceived?"
Raymond "Yes, I am sure that Seraphina will be aware of the symptoms soon. And her motherly instincts will awaken!"
Raymond calls this awakening the Malady.
She will no longer eat what she used to be able to eat. She will only accept certain things.
Her symptoms will become more and more noticeable.
Derek laughs as he hears what Seraphina will be compelled to eat because of the child inside of her.
Derek "It's more interesting than I expected, Raymond. So, when will the child be born?"
Raymond "A mere mortal woman with a lesser demon might birth the spawn in ten days. But Seraphina is a high elf with a divine seed incubating within her, consuming her light energy and mingling it with dark energy. I suspect January."
Raymond clearly is struggling to wait that long.
An amused smile spreads across Derek's mouth as he nods back.
He can't help but laugh thinking about Seraphina writhing in anticipation.
Derek "Heh... Oh, to see a goddess suffer and persevere like this..."
He laughs out loud.
Seraphina "Huh..."
Seraphina sighs with a melancholic expression.
She has felt unwell for days.
She suspects it is because of being raped by the demon tentacles. She has been lethargic since then.
She knows she must eat, but she has no appetite.
Food has lost its taste.
She chews and tries to swallow, but she spits out the bite with a frown on her face.
She has only been able to consume liquids for two days.
Seraphina "Is this... because of the dark energy of the Service Nation?"
Seraphina mutters heavily and brushes her bangs up over her eyes. Her arms also feel heavier than usual.
She can feel the absence of light energy from the Holy Kingdom.
Perhaps the land is also imbued with a dark spirit. This is why the crops are contaminated.
Seraphina believes that this is probably the reason she cannot stomach the food.
Originally, as an ancient high elf, Seraphina did not need to eat much.
But only when she is surrounded by light energy.
There is no such energy in the Service Nation.
Seraphina "I suppose it is fortunate... that I am not eating as much of this filth..."
But she feels as though her strength is beyond recovery.
It would be impossible to help Iris. After all, she doesn't even know where Iris is now.
Her attempts to get information from the maids that wait upon her have been fruitless.
Seraphina "Oh, Iris... and everyone else... Please be well... and safe..."
That's when Seraphina turns her eyes out the window and begins to mutter to herself.
As soon as she hears footsteps approaching, the door to her chamber is swung open.
Raymond "Oh, Seraphina! I am so glad to see that you are in good health today! You are the mother of a divine child! Take good care of yourself."
Raymond enters the room with a very enthusiastic look on his face.
Just seeing Raymond like that gives Seraphina a headache.
Seraphina lets out a sigh but quickly regains her composure.
The fact that Raymond came here means that he intends to force her to participate in an evil ritual again.
Seraphina straightens her back, keenly aware that she must maintain herself.
But at that moment Seraphina suddenly feels a strong thirst.
Seraphina tilts her head a little, thinking that until now she hadn't had any particular feeling like this before.
Raymond "What seems to be the matter, Lady Seraphina?"
Seraphina "It's... nothing..."
She pours a glass of water from her pitcher after apologizing.
Seraphina "Ngh... ngh... hahhh..."
Seraphina's white, thin throat rises and falls. Cold water slides down her throat, quenching her thirst.
But...
Seraphina "Why...?"
Raymond "Lady Seraphina?"
Seraphina "No, I'm... alright..."
She answers thus despite knowing the change in continence is obvious. Her thirst has become hunger.
Seraphina hurriedly takes another drink of water, but the result remains the same. Seeing Seraphina like that, Raymond smiles.
Raymond "I was right to come and check on you. Seraphina, you are feeling hungry now, aren't you?"
Seraphina "Yes... Yes, that's right..."
Seraphina's cheeks heat up as she answers.
Raymond nods affirmatively with a smile.
Raymond "Don't be shy. There is no shame in it. Your hunger is evidence of your divine conception!"
Seraphina "Huh?"
Her voice spills out involuntarily.
She doesn't understand what Raymond said.
She is perplexed at the notion of motherhood.
That would mean...
Seraphina "What nonsense! There is... no way... I could...!"
She sternly rejects the idea.
It was only a few days ago that she was raped by a demonic octopus. It is impossible for her to know that she is pregnant because of that already.
She believes it should be impossible for her to carry such a demonic creature.
But Raymond never ceases to smile despite Seraphina's protest.
Raymond "Come, Lady Seraphina! Please eat a nourishing meal to nurture the divine child in your belly to good health!"
Seraphina "It's none of your... I... Hn!?"
She stops herself from explaining that she had not been able to eat for days.
The door opens and several masked cultists enter the room silently.
Seraphina "Hnn... What... are you planning on doing?"
Seraphina does not salivate because she is frightened.
As soon as the men enter her room, her earlier hunger grows stronger.
Her body flushes and she feels feverish.
Seraphina "Hnn... hah... hah... hnn!?"
She averts her gaze from their crotches as soon as she notices that she's been staring at them.
But she unconsciously finds her eyes returning.
She feels her pussy getting hotter as her mouth waters.
Seraphina "What on earth... is happening to me?"
Unable to believe herself, Seraphina looks at Raymond as if seeking answers.
Raymond smiles and nods.
Raymond "The divine child in your belly is seeking nutrition, Lady Seraphina. That is why I have gathered a group of talented, young, and healthy morsels!"
Seraphina "What do you mean... nutrition? Morsels?"
Her body shivers in dread anticipation.
But at imagining what is to come, her hunger grows greater.
Raymond affirms that prediction with a smile.
Raymond "The first thing to do is to suck the semen directly from the ample phalluses. It's what you need!"
Seraphina "Hnn!"
The cultists disrobe as Raymond speaks.
This reveals their erect rods of meat.
Gasping for air, Seraphina's eyes widen and never stray from these cocks.
Seraphina's body trembles audibly.
She must not only be fucked by them but consume their jizz.
What scares her most is that she craves it.
#04_ser006h_ser05
Seraphina "Hnnkh... hhh... khhh... uhh... hnn..."
She clings to the cock thrust in front of her. She feels its hot pulsations in her hands as her body trembles.
Seraphina (I need to let go... Ahhh, it's so hot and hard... Ngh, ahhhh...)
Even if she knows in her mind, her body won't listen. It's not just her hands but even her eyes she can't take away from his cock.
Seraphina (It's so swollen... and huge... The head is flaring... Ahh... But... Ahh...)
Unconsciously, she entwines her fingers over the head of his cock.
The cock shivers slightly at the touch of Seraphina's cold fingers, and she smears his precum over the head of it.
As if it were natural, Seraphina scoops up the drops onto her fingertips.
Threads of clear precum web between her fingers.
Seraphina "Huh... hah... hahh... ahh... huh... shnn... kuh... hnn..."
She knows she should resist, but she can't when confronted with the scent of the phallic flesh.
The masculine musk penetrates her sinuses.
Immediately her heart and cunt ache for it.
Seraphina (I can't... Hnnh... I should not be feeling such longing... Huh!)
Seraphina is intoxicated with a hunger for cock stemming from the demonic fetus gestating within her.
Yet she resolves herself to fight against the cock buffet presented to her by the Service Nation.
Seraphina (Hahh... First... just let go... then... stand...)
She wants to tell them to leave.
She has the scenario playing in her mind. She just needs to try to let go first.
But...
Seraphina "Hhhh, khhh, uh... ngh, hahh, hahh, hahhh... Why...?"
Her body grabs at their cocks without her control. She can't remove her hand from his hot cock.
She starts to jack their cocks off so she can really feel how thick they are.
Raymond "Yes, Lady Seraphina! You must consume all their seed to nourish the child you are incubating!"
Seraphina "Hn... No... Uhh..."
She feels disgust at Raymond's words.
Yet her body grows hotter, and her mouth waters.
Seraphina "Hnn... naah... hahh... No... not... like this... Hnn..."
She strains her neck trying to turn away from the cocks.
But her lips and tongue instinctively move toward the shaft.
Seraphina "Sckkkkk... hhhh!? Nghhhh... hnn!"
She licks it just a bit, and that is enough to send a shock down her spine.
Her tongue tingles as she experiences the sour and bitter taste of the cock while the scent floods her nose.
She feels her cunt ache and twitch.
Seraphina (This... cock... I shouldn't... It's making my body so hot... This is wrong... Why would I lick this?)
No matter what she says to herself, she can't overcome the urges.
Her tongue trembles as it approaches for a second lick.
Seraphina "Ngh, muah, lckkk... ngh, sckkk, lckkk... lckkk, lckkk, lckkkk... lckkkk... hnn..."
She slowly traces the shape of the head of his cock with her tongue before prodding his urethra.
Seraphina "Hnn... hahh, hahhh... ngh, muah... sckkk... nahhh, hahh, ahhh... ngh, lckkk, lckkkk... hnn..."
When she slurps the precum, her mind gets hazy, and her body heats up.
Her urge to devour cum wells up from deep inside.
Seraphina "Lckkkkk... lckkkk, lckkk, lckkkk... lckkkkk, lckkkk, lckkkk...!"
She licks the head of his cock with a prodding motion.
She contemplates how she can bring his cock to climax. She contemplates how to please it.
Seraphina "Nghhh... hahhh, lckkkk, lckkkkkk... lckkkkk, lckkkk, lckkkkk... hahhh, nahhhh... lckkkk, lckkkk...!"
Seraphina (My tongue... tingles... Ahh... This ache in my heart... Why is it...? Hah... hmmm... What am I feeling?)
She knows she is acting like a slut, but she can't stop herself.
The more she licks the more enthusiastic she becomes all while the flavors sink in.
Seraphina "Hahhh, nghhh... This noise... Ngh, khhh, hahhh... lckkkk, lckkk, muah..."
She moves her hands and tongue to pleasure them.
She squeezes tighter trying to milk out all the precum she can. She wraps her other hand around the head of a different dick.
The precum becomes audible as she seeks to pleasure the cock.
The pounding of her heart becomes louder in her chest.
Raymond "As expected of a divine mother, Lady Seraphina! You have the right mind for working their cocks! Prepare your mouth for them!"
Seraphina "Nahh... hahh... I'm going to... suck you off... Hnn..."
She tenses at the obscene words she would never have let loose of her own lips.
But the same words seem so delectable on her tongue now.
Seraphina (I can't...! I need to stay strong... If this keeps up, I'll really be consumed with lust... Ahh, Iris... please lend me strength...!)
She tries to focus on the image of her best friend.
Yet she can't take her eyes off the throbbing rods.
Seraphina "Nghhhh... ngh, hahh, hahh, hahhh... C-Cock..."
Seraphina gasps before the rod as her eyes and lips open wide.
Seraphina "Hmnghhh, nghh... nghhhhh! Hmffff, mghhh, mmm... mghhh, nghhhhhh!"
Right as it enters her mouth, she is overwhelmed with its stench and heat.
Seraphina is so excited that she feels dizzy from his sheer strength. It is completely different from just touching it with her hands or tongue.
Seraphina (This fucking thing... I can't believe... it tastes... so good...)
Seraphina (I can't...! I can't, but the stench of his hot sweat and the salty and sour taste...! The feel of it trembling...!)
Seraphina (I shouldn't... but I want it deeper in my mouth...)
Seraphina "Nghhhh... mmm, nghhhh! Sllllrrrrrp, sckkkk, sllllrrrrrrrp!"
Driven by twisted desire, she shoves the cock deeper into her oral cavity.
The cock throbs with glee as it is wrapped up in her pink flesh.
She looks up at him as her lips curl around the rod, and she bobs her head.
Seraphina "Sckkkkkkk, sllllrrrrrrp... bghhhh!? Nghhh, hmnghhhhh, hahh, gack...!?"
Seraphina (Ahhhh... I can't... hnn... I need to stop this soon... If I feel more pleasure than this, I'll really...!)
She can tell that the man is focusing a lot of strength into his lower body when she shakes her head while puckering her cheeks.
Then next to her, another cultist whips out his shaft.
Seraphina (Him too...? I get it...!? Ahhh, no, no, no...! Ahhh, I... I...!)
Seraphina "Nghhh, sllllrrrrp, sckkkkkk, sckkkkk...! Mm, mm, sllllrrrp, sckkk... sckkkkkk, sckkkk, mmm, hhh...!"
She keeps bobbing her head on the cock while using each of her other hands to jerk off cocks.
She feels the cocks throbbing in her hands and mouth.
Seraphina (If I keep on like this... they'll cum...! Oh, I have to get a hold of myself... Ah, I need to stop this soon!)
Seraphina "Sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkk! Ngh, bah, sckkkkk! Sckkkkk, sckkkk, sllllrrrrp, sckkkkkk...!"
The way she works the cocks is totally in opposition to what her mind wishes.
Their dribbling precum just drives her more insane.
Seraphina "Mnghhhh, hnghhh! Hah, hanghhhh! Sllllrrrrrp, sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkkk! Muah, sckkkk, sckkkkkkkkk!"
Raymond "Oh, please, Lady Seraphina, help yourself! Drink up!"
Seraphina "Nghhhh, nghhh, let me swallow it! Sckkkkk! In my mouth, sckkk... sckkkk, slllllrrrrrrp!"
Splllllrrrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh, gshhhhhhh!!")
Seraphina "Nghhhh! Nghhhhhh! Nghhhhh, mmmmmmmm!!"
The cock umps inside of her mouth, and thick, hot spunk batters the back of her throat.
The heat is enough to burn her throat. It sends a shiver down her back.
Seraphina "Hnnff... huh... hahh... hmmff... uhh... huh... hmmff... uhh!!"
She sucks down every bit of cum that flows out of his cock. The sensation of the jizz going down her throat and falling into her stomach is maddeningly pleasant.
The fishy flavor of it just drives her more insane because of how delicious it is.
Seraphina (Ahh! This bitter... flavor... It reeks! But... I want more!)
Seraphina "Slllllrrrrrrp, slllllrrrrrrp! Muah!!"
She shoves the cock into her mouth all the way to the base as she drinks down its shot.
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Hnnnnngkh! Hnnff... hnnn... hahhh!"
Seraphina "Hahhh... hahhh... ngh, hahh... sckkkkkk... sllllrrrrrp, sllllrrrrrp... sckkkkkk..."
Even after the last bits squirt out, she does not release the cock. She milks whatever she can out of it into her mouth.
Seraphina "Slllrrrrp... ngh, khh... glggg, ngh... glggg... glggg... hnn..."
She looks up at the man prodding her cheeks with his cock, and deliberately and audibly sucks down the cum in her mouth.
The cock in her mouth pleasantly trembles once again.
Seraphina (I... ahh... can't... believe... I drank it... even with his cock in my mouth...)
Seraphina (Gakh... Over my tongue... and in my throat... Why is it so bitter...? Hnn...)
Despite this, she can't resist the flavor.
No matter what she says in her mind, her actions do not reflect her protest.
Seraphina "Nghhhh, gack... sckkkkkkk..."
After taking the last drop, she pulls the cock from her mouth.
Seraphina "Pah... ngh, nahhhh... hahhh, hahhh, nghhh... hahhh, hahh, hahhh... kaff, nghhh... hahhhh... ngh, ahhh... I... ahhh..."
She chugs the jizz like she is addicted to it and feels similar regret like one would with any other addiction.
But she still has more erect rods to take.
Her eyes scan over them as she wonders which will be next.
Seraphina (This... should have been enough... I don't... hnn... need more... Hah...)
But her body wants more. She can't neglect the urge welling up in her throat. She wants to feel more pleasure.
Her desires for cum were not subdued by the previous ejaculation in her mouth, but they have actually intensified.
Seraphina (I... I'm being swept away... I'm losing myself... How in the world am I going to face Iris...!?)
She scolds herself as her blood starts to race.
Seraphina "Hnnkh... huh... khh... uhh... hahh..."
Raymond "This is just as wonderful as I expected from you! Come! Continue to the next!"
Seraphina "Hahh... hnn... ahh... kfhh..."
The next male to approach after Raymond speaks has a terrible phimosis problem. The foreskin is tight and covers half the head of his dick.
This makes the smell that much worse.
But in her current state, it is somehow aromatic to her.
Seraphina "Gahh... hahh... ahh... ohh... I can't think of anything... but cock..."
Her face gets closer and the fumes run through her sinuses.
Though it reeks so pungently, she still finds herself longing for it.
Seraphina "I can't... hnn... hahh... This smell... hahh... I can't go on... Hnn..."
Raymond "Don't hold back! Pleasure the rod to your heart's content!"
Seraphina "Ah... hah... No... but..."
Despite her resistance, her mouth opens, and her tongue protrudes.
Seraphina "Lckkk... lckkk, ngh, ah... ahhhhhh..."
Just licking the tip of the barely visible head of his cock makes Seraphina's mind get hazy.
Her internal call for restraint becomes distant, and the taste and feel of his cock become clearer.
Seraphina "Lckkk, lckkk... nahhhh... This cock is much more acidic... Lckkkk, lckkkk, lckkkk... The smell is rank... Muah..."
She carefully licks the exposed part of the tip while sniffing it.
The cultist hunches over, unused to the sensation.
For some reason, Seraphina feels a smile and love for such a fiend.
Seraphina (Hah... I want to make it more pleasurable... for you... I want to do more...)
Seraphina (Just as much... as I want to drink his seed.)
The feeling is new.
Driven by this thought, Seraphina looks up at the cultist and smiles gently.
Seraphina "Mm, muah... hahhh... mmm, this skin... hahhh, ahhh... This cock's skin would be better pulled back, yes?"
The man nods slightly to Seraphina's question.
Seraphina's heart tingles strongly again with love for the nervous cultist.
Seraphina "Then... I'll peel it back now... Okay? Sckkkkk, mm, sckkkkk... muah, mm, sckkkk... hahhh, it's stickier than I thought... Mm..."
She fails with her tongue, so she tries with her hands, but she still struggles.
She tries peeling it back with her mouth but hesitates as the cultist winces.
Seraphina "Forgive me... I didn't mean... to hurt you... Mm, mmm... lckkkk... sckkkk, lckkk, lckkkk..."
She naturally figures out what to do and continues without hesitation.
She tries to put a mouthful of spit between the head of his cock and the foreskin. Then she can try to work it back with the help of her saliva.
Seraphina (I shouldn't... be doing this... Ah... but... why is my resistance... hnn... fading...? Hah... but...)
Seraphina "Hmmff... hnnf... khfh... hnnf... hmmmph..."
The head of his cock is covered in foreskin. It is completely sucked into her mouth. Its pungent odor is so bad that it even gets into her eyes and flows back out her mouth.
Even her own breath, leaking from her nose, contains that strange odor. But for some reason, it pleases her.
Seraphina (I just have to clean it... I'll use my mouth to clean... this filth that has pooled under the skin... of this cock...)
Making excuses to herself, she dips his cock into her warm, clear saliva and blots out the shameful plaque stuck in its crevices.
The melting smegma makes its way down her throat. It makes her tits hot as she licks and rubs the head of his cock.
Seraphina "Hmmm... sckkkk, sckkkk... muah, lckkkk... sckkkk... mmm, hahhh... hnnn..."
Her mouth pursed slightly, she turns her eyes down.
The rotten foreskin gradually peels away at the pushing of her lips.
Seraphina "Mm... hahhh, ngh... mnghhh... muah... muah, lckkk... ngh... ngh, hahh, hahhh!"
She pulls back the rotten foreskin from the cock before her, releasing the reeking scent of hygienic neglect.
Dizzy from the taste and smell, she peels the skin down further.
Seraphina "Mmm... hahh, muah... ngh, hnghh... sckk... sckkkk... ngh, nghhhhh..."
Seraphina "Pahh... hnnn... haaahh... hnn..."
She releases the cock from her mouth slowly to reveal the retracted foreskin and the bare head of his cock.
Seraphina's chest is filled with pride as if she had successfully completed a mission.
Seraphina "Ahh... There was good cock... hnn... hidden under that skin... Hmm... lckkk..."
As if to give it a taste, Seraphina lightly touches her tongue to the head of his cock.
Just like that, the cultist is clenching his fists tightly to withstand the strong pleasure.
Raymond "Oh, that it is a figure full of compassion that is suitable for the mother of the son of God! Lady Seraphina, you're amazing! Come on, please drink the cum of this phallus too!"
Seraphina "Hahh, mmm, lckkk, lckkk... mm, mmm... hahh, mm, ahhh... Yes... give it here..."
Seraphina mutters, and then she pulls her face back up to the cock that she herself has peeled.
Seraphina "Sckkkk, sckkkkk... pah, sckkk, ngh... hnghhh... muah, sckkkk, sckkkk... mmm, hah... sckkkkk, muah, bfff...!"
Now peeled and increased in hardness, the cock is swallowed to the back of her throat, and she shakes her head.
She treats the area around the base of the cock with her constricted lips while licking the underside of the cock with her tongue.
Seraphina "Ngh, hmph...! Sckkkk, sllllrrrrp, lckkk, lckkkkkk... lckkkkkk, sllllrrrrrp... lckkkkk, slllllrrrrrrrp..."
She sucks hard on his cock while extruding her lips out far. His cock jumps painfully at the stimulation.
Looking up, the cultist is flush and nearly in tears.
Seraphina (Don't tell me... you're already close? Don't hold back then!)
She fucks the cock with her face more forcefully as she sees his duress.
When Seraphina realizes she is leading him to pleasure, she continues audaciously in joy over being able to slurp up seed once again.
Seraphina "Mmm, sllllrrrrp, delicious... Mmm, mmm, slllrrrrp, lckkk... sckkkkkk, sckkkkkk, mmm, hahhh...!"
She tightens her lips as her head continues to bob. She takes the cock deep in her throat to stimulate it with her tender flesh.
Seraphina "Mm, mmmm, cum... hahh, hahh, don't hold back... Mm, sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkkkk...!"
Seraphina chokes on the cock in the back of her throat.
She fights off tears and the urge to puke as she forces the cock deeper.
Seraphina "Hngh, hahh, mffff, hnghhh! My mouth... will take it all! Mm, sllllrrrrrp, sckkkk, gbfffff!!"
Seraphina "Nghhhh, gbffff, bahhh... sckkkkkk, I'll drink all of it! Cum, sckkkkk, hmph! Cum!"
The cultist's cock swells to its limit and presses against Seraphina's throat.
Her throat is pounded hard, and she feels even greater nausea, but she continues to shake her head to get the seed she wants.
Seraphina "Nghhhhh, mffff, hnghhhhhh! Sllllrrrrrp, sllllrrrrrp, sllllrrrrrp, sckkkkkkk! Sckkkkkkkk! Slllrrrrrp! Sckkkkkkkkk!"
Spllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhh! Gshhhhhh!!")
Seraphina "Mbffffff, hnghhhhh! Nghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...!!"
Young, foul-smelling seed plunges down her throat.
Each time hot cum slams against her throat, she trembles with pleasure.
Seraphina "Nghhhh, nghhhhh, bah... kpfff, hahhh... glgg, glgg...!"
She swallows the liquid that flows out one shot after another without hesitation.
The movement of her throat causes the cock in her mouth to bounce vigorously and gush out cum again.
Seraphina "Kbpfffff! Ngh... hnghhhhhhh, ngh... ngh, hahh... glgg, glgg...!"
The cum is even more foul-smelling and thicker in viscosity than before.
While grasping the flavor, Seraphina works hard to avoid the stench.
Seraphina "Sckkkk... hahhh, hahh... muah, sckkk... muah, lckkkkk..."
She naturally licks and cleans the cock with her tongue after it sprays jizz into her throat.
The cock trembles and oozes whatever spunk is left in its piping.
Seraphina "Mm, muah, muah... mm, hahh... lckkk, mm, lckkk, muah, sckkkk, lckkkk..."
Seraphina (Ahh... I... really did it...? I can't believe I no longer hate it...)
Seraphina contemplates how she has changed in such a short time.
She has lost her fear.
Her fear of cocks and cum is now a desire for it.
Seraphina (I can't... really be like this now... I have to bring this... to an... end already...!)
Raymond "Lady Seraphina, do you still need more? Fret not! You can have all you like!"
As if seeing through Seraphina's conflicted mind, Raymond sends out the next cultist.
Seraphina "Nahh... hahh... ahh... hahhf!"
Two more rigid cocks are thrust before Seraphina's eyes.
Seraphina smiles and salivates with debauchery at the masculine stench that stings her nose.
Seraphina (I decided to stop... this already... but there's already another cock... ahhhh...)
Seraphina (But... two cocks... I can't... take my eyes off them... Their scent... is intoxicating...)
She gulps and shivers.
Her eyes dart back and forth between the cocks before her.
Raymond "You don't need to hesitate! You can taste them at the same time if you so wish!"
Seraphina "Hnnkh... hhh... khh... uhh... hahh..."
Sucking two cocks at the same time is a disgrace.
But she still feels excited at the prospect and salivates merely imagining it.
Seraphina "Naah... hnn... ahhh... Go on..."
She opens her mouth wide, making visible the remaining jizz.
The cultists' eyes are exposed to her white teeth, slick tongue, and goo-soaked cheeks.
Even though she is only showing the inside of her mouth, she is feeling such embarrassment and excitement.
While thinking about such things, Seraphina wriggles her tongue as if to lure them.
Seraphina "Go ahead... give me both... at the same time... Shove them in my mouth..."
Her mind goes numb as she utters those obscene words.
The forbidden act has become an immoral pleasure that holds Seraphina captive.
Seraphina "Oh, please... Hnn... nahh... I want to mix... both of... your jizz... Please! Hn!"
The moment she utters the obscenity, a strong feeling of pleasure shoots up Seraphina's spine.
Seraphina "Gyaah!? Hmmm... gahh... hhhh... ughh... hyaah!!"
Her mouth is gapped so far that she feels like her cheeks might tear.
She can feel herself choking on the two cocks.
Yet she is drunk on the experience of having them both.
Seraphina "Ahhhh, sllllrrrrp, ughhhhh! Ahhhh, bffff... bahhhhh!?"
She alternately licks the heads of the two cocks with her busy tongue, and then pulls her snarled lips as tight as she can to handle the two of them at the same time.
Seraphina "Bahh... uhh... hnmmmff... More... Give me... more... Shove them both deep in me..."
Seraphina "Bahhhhh, muah, lckkkk, sckkkkk! Pahhhhhhh, bahhhhhhh!"
Seeing her words are not enough, she tries harder to shove the cocks into her throat.
She bobs her head back and forth vigorously face fucking the cocks.
Seraphina "Mghhhhhh!? Bah, bah... mmm, mghhh, hbfff, sllllrrrrp! Slllllrrrrrp...!"
As desired, the men alternately thrust their hips and fuck her throat with their warped cocks.
Seraphina continues to drip drool as she sucks the cocks greedily despite the pain.
She skillfully works both cocks with her hands as she sucks them.
Seraphina "Hnghh, hahh, hahh... hahhhh! Mfff, sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrrp, nghhhh... hnn!"
Her movements drive them crazy. They accelerate their thrusts. Sometimes they alternate, and sometimes they dive in together.
Seraphina "Ngbffffffffff!? Bahhhh, muah, nghhh, ugh... gbfffff, mghhhhhhh!"
Her pharynx is forced to widen, and she can feel their shafts in her throat.
Feeling them rape her throat awakens the inner slut in Seraphina.
Seraphina "Mfffff, hnghhh, please cum! Hahh, sllllrrrrrp, sllllrrrrrrrrp... hnn!"
Seraphina "All of your jizz... your semen, sckkk, sckkk, sckkkkkkk! Nahhh, hahhhhh, give me your semen... all over my face and deep in the back of my throat!"
As she begs for them to cum in her mouth, they start to thrust harder and deeper into her throat.
The back of her throat is being gouged out, and she is in agony and pain, unable to bear it much longer. But Seraphina's moaning voice is tinged with a strong sensuality.
Seraphina "Hnghhh, hnghhh, sllllrrrrrp! Sckkkkk, sckkkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkkkk!"
In her mouth and hands, their dicks tremble as they near climax.
Yet again she is getting another serving of spunk. She sucks it down straight from the source.
Seraphina "Hnghhh, hahhh, hnghhhh, sllllrrrrrp, nghh, hahh! Mfffff... sckkkkkk!!"
Spllllrrrrrt, bshhhhh! Bshhhh, bshhhhhh, gshhhhhhh!! Bshhhhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Hmmmmph!? Gaahhhh! Ohhh... byaaaah!!"
The two cocks writhe in her mouth and unleash jizz down her esophagus.
Her face is in shock as she is sprayed down by the two dicks.
Seraphina (Ahhhh, it feels incredibly good... There is so much jizz... It's sullying the inside of my body... I'm cumming... from having... my throat and face sullied...!)
Seraphina makes the loudest groans she has ever produced.
Her body shudders as heat races across her form.
Yet she holds onto the cocks, taking all the cum she can.
Seraphina "Bahhhhh, nghhh... glggg! Hnghhhh, nghh... sckkkkk, glggg!"
The cultists around her are driven mad by the scene. Four of the cocks around her shoot off their loads in response.
Spllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhh, bshhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina (Ahhhh, I can't believe how good this feels...! Drinking and being showered in a man's cum, ahhh, feels so good!)
Seraphina "Bahhhhhh!? Bmfffff, gpffffff! Hah, hahh... hahhhh! Glgg, glggg! Glggg... glggg, glggg...!!"
She is in euphoria as she gags down every drop.
Seraphina "Mffffff... hnghhhh, hahhh... nghh, sllllrrrrp... sckkkk, sckkkk... nghhh, glgg... sckkkk, glgggg..."
Even after the cocks are spent, she continues to milk them.
She squeezes every last drop out by hand.
Seraphina "Hah... hnghhhh... hahh... nghhh, sllllrrrrp... muah, muah... muah..."
Seraphina "Pahh... hmmm... hnn... hmmff..."
She keeps her mouth closed as to not spill any cum when the cocks are withdrawn.
Her mouth trembles as she tries to keep all the cum contained.
Raymond "Oh, Seraphina, how beautiful! It is exactly the figure that is suitable for the mother of the divine child!"
Raymond is not mocking in his praise but genuine. She understands this.
She feels somehow proud despite her ache and shame.
Seraphina (It's already over... so... I... There is no need for any more, but...)
Reason gradually returns to her. It begs her to end this.
Seraphina looks up at the cultists and Raymond.
Her cunt burns under their watchful stare.
Seraphina (This is the end... I must end this...)
She tries to make excuses to herself again.
Looking up like this at them is just more arousing.
Seraphina "Nghhh... pah, hahh... nahhhhh..."
Seraphina slowly opens her mouth wide. A long thread of cloudy liquid stretches between her lips, and it drips down.
Her oral cavity is filled to the brim with cum and exposed to them.
She licks her lips and mouth before them to emphasize how much there is.
Seraphina "Pahhhh... nghhh, sckkkk, sckkkkk... nahhhh, ngh, hahhh... Look... There's so much... Nahh, ahh, muah... pahhh..."
She tries to lick and gulp down all she can so it won't spill to the floor.
Yet still the jizz overflows.
Their gaze is filled with even greater heat. Their spent cocks once again fill with power.
The heat of it all makes her mind go numb.
Seraphina "Ahhh... pahhh. Khnghhh... Delicious... All of your semen is mixed... inside of me, nghhh... It's delicious..."
After enticing them, she slowly closes her mouth and moves away from their gaze.
Seraphina "Mm... muah, sllllrrrrp... muah... muah... mmm, sckkkk... muah, muah..."
Even with her mouth trying to close, they can all still hear the echoes of her trying to swallow.
It bubbles and gargles the whole way down.
Seraphina "Lckkkkk... sckkkkk... sckkkkk..."
She opens her mouth slightly and shows them the state of her mouth as she pushes it down.
As they look upon her, she raises her chin slightly.
Seraphina "Mm... nghhh, nghhh, nghh... glggg, nghhh, glgggg..."
Seraphina "Nahhh, hahhh, hahh... ngh, nghhhhhhhh... ghhh, glgggg, nghhhh...!"
Her slender throat swallows the jizz down gulp after gulp.
She can feel their gaze on her throat which just makes her hot again.
Seraphina "Pah, nahhh, hahh, hahhh, hahh... mm, hahhh, ahh... ahhh, mm... pahhh... hnn..."
She opens her mouth once more to show that she has swallowed.
At that moment, a continuous sound of air leaking from the back of her empty throat rings out.
The sound makes the cultists tremble and try to regain their strength.
Seraphina "Ahh... hahh... hah... hhh... hnn... ahh..."
Seraphina (No... No, it is finished... Enough... No more... Hnn...)
Finally, the voice of reason returns.
But that is not the only thing that has returned. She is thirsty once again even though she just drank a large amount of cum.
Seraphina (What? Why? What's happening to me?)
Raymond "Oh, I'm so relieved to see you nourished, Lady Seraphina! You see? We have plenty of cock! You shall not go without!"
Seraphina "Hnn, nghhh... nahhh, hahh, hahhh... hnnn... Y-Yes... thank you...!"
Seraphina "A feast... of cum... A buffet... of cock..."
Raymond's voice shatters what is left of her voice of reason.
As she belches, she stares up at them wantingly.
............
......
...
#04_ser007
Seraphina "Hnkh... hhhffhh..."
Seraphina breathes deeply as she feels a twitching sensation in her lower abdomen.
Days have passed since she was forced to consume the cum of the cultists.
Now her cravings for jizz only grow stronger.
Her respite between these meals of spunk grows shorter each time.
She tries to steady her mind through meditation.
Of course, Raymond visits Seraphina every day and invites her to drink her daily dose of semen.
She always sternly rebukes him.
Seraphina (What wretchedness... No more...)
She had set out to dismantle the Service Nation for the good of the people.
She is determined to persevere for Iris and the others that fought for her.
Seraphina (I should not be in a position of pleasure after all of this...)
Seraphina tries to steel her mind to resist the inebriation of cum.
But it is challenging to silence the impulses.
Seraphina "Alas, this is a nation of dark energy..."
Had this been a nation with light energy, she would never have conceived a demon spawn.
But in the Service Nation, she cannot resist the urges sown in her from within.
Seraphina "No, no excuses. I must resist."
She is not the only one trapped here.
She can't give up for the sake of everyone... and Iris.
She must do anything she can even if it is just to buy them some time.
Seraphina "Oh, Iris... I'll endure... You'll see..."
In the meantime, she plans to find an escape route from the castle.
Then she, Iris, and everyone else can flee.
The ache spreads from her cunt to her chest once more.
She feels how dry her throat is.
Seraphina "It's okay... and I'm okay..."
Muttering to herself, Seraphina gently puts her hand on her lower abdomen and closes her eyes.
She tries to keep her spirits up, but her days of unease continue...
Seraphina "Hnn?"
A strange feeling wakes her before dawn breaks.
It is a new feeling unlike before.
Her eyes dart across the room while she holds her breath.
Finally, her gaze fixes on the door.
She hears the lock being opened.
It sounds different from when Raymond always visits. There is a hesitance to it.
Then...
Iris "Sera!"
Seraphina "Ah! Could it be! Oh, Iris!"
How dearly Seraphina has longed to meet her most beloved human friend, Iris.
Her hair stands on end with excitement at the surprise before her.
Seraphina "Oh, Iris! Are you well?"
Iris "Oh, Sera! How badly I've missed you!"
They embrace unable to contain their joy.
The powerful embrace fills Seraphina's heart with a powerful warmth.
Seraphina "Please let me look upon you. Oh, you really are Iris! I'm so relieved..."
Iris "Forgive my delay. I had so badly wished to be with you sooner."
Seraphina "No, no, you don't need to apologize to me. I should have been able to help you."
Iris "It's alright, Sera... Oh, Sera..."
The strength of their embrace compensates for the time since they last touched.
They stare at each other with tearful eyes and touch each other's cheeks.
They have known no greater happiness from their reunion.
Iris's smile tells Seraphina she feels the same way.
But then Iris bites her lip, puts her hand on Seraphina's shoulder, and pushes her body away.
Seraphina "Iris...?"
Iris "I wish I had more time to savor this moment. But there isn't much time."
Seraphina "W-What is it?"
The reason Iris has come must be to escape.
That must be why there is no time to waste.
Seraphina has so much to ask, but she knows that it'll have to wait.
Iris "Sera, listen. I have found some help and know a bit about the castle and its construction. That is how I got here now and how I might have come up with an exit strategy."
Seraphina "That's so you, Iris."
Seraphina tries to imagine how Iris might have done this.
She fears what shame Iris may have suffered to get this information. But she knows those thoughts are pointless.
Iris "It pains me... but I can't help everyone... But I want you to flee with me."
Seraphina "I understand, Iris. I'll go anywhere with you."
Seraphina meets Iris's serious eyes with a smile and nod.
Iris "This way."
It is still dark outside. Iris leads the way down the long corridor of the castle without hesitation.
Seraphina follows behind, trying her best to keep up.
They keep low to the ground to avoid the eyes of the patrolling soldiers.
They continue their descent to the ground level.
Soldier A "Huh? The hell do you two think yer goin?"
Iris "Hnn!"
In the end, they are unlucky enough to have been spotted by two soldiers.
Without hesitation, Iris turns to the soldier and slams a palm strike into his jaw.
Iris "Shnn!"
Soldier A "Ghaaah!?"
He goes down and the second soldier readies himself.
Soldier B "We've got a runaway! Couple'a bitches tryn'a get out!"
Iris "Shut up!"
Iris closes in on the vocal soldier.
She dodges his sword and strikes him with an elbow.
As the soldier groans, Iris slams her intertwined fists onto the back of his head.
Iris "Hahh... hahh... hnn... I knew it wouldn't work out in the end..."
Seraphina "Iris..."
Multiple footsteps can be heard from across the hallway. Even if they continue their escape, they will surely be caught soon.
Seraphina makes a decision despite her lack of combat skills.
Seraphina "Iris, this is where I..."
Iris "Sera, I'll hold them back. You just have to get out of here!"
Seraphina "Iris, that's... That's what I..."
At hearing the words she was going to say, Seraphina argues back with Iris.
But Iris just smiles and shakes her head.
Iris "I can buy us time. This is my purpose. I swore to protect you, Sera."
Seraphina "But... you'll be..."
Iris "It's okay, I won't go down that easily. I'll take care of the soldiers, so get out of here!"
Seraphina "Tch..."
Iris "Please, Sera... you've got to make it on your own."
Seraphina "I... understand."
There is no time to argue. Seraphina bites her trembling lip and nods to Iris.
Iris's smile grows gentler.
Iris "I'll be right behind you... as soon as I can..."
Iris instructs Seraphina to hide in the shadows for a while, and then she runs toward the sound of the soldiers.
Seraphina calls out to try to stop her.
But Iris never looks back.
As instructed, Seraphina watches from the shadows.
Soon after, angry shouts echo from across the hallway.
Soldiers pour in from just beside where Seraphina is hiding.
Seraphina (Iris... come back to me... Do whatever it takes... just come back to me...)
Eventually, Seraphina decides she can no longer wait in the shadows.
And then...
Seraphina "Hahhh, hahh, ngh, hahh... If you come this far... Hnn... hahh, hahh..."
By the time the sun has risen, Seraphina is in a forest far away from the capital of the Service Nation.
Thanks to Iris's diversion tactics and the information obtained from her collaborators beforehand, it isn't too difficult for Seraphina to escape from the castle.
Fortunately, entering town at dawn works in her favor. There are hardly any people around, and Seraphina is able to leave the city without being noticed by anyone.
Seraphina "And now... to wait for Iris..."
The city looks small as Seraphina looks back upon it.
The castle of the Service Nation rises with its many spires jutting out and weaving multiple tiers, forming a sinister grotto.
She can't believe she escaped from there.
It pains her heart to think of her beloved ones that remain.
But now she can only wait for Iris.
Seraphina "Well, I suppose I must rest now..."
Feeling a little shame over escaping alone, she tries to rest herself against a tree.
And then...
Seraphina "Hnngg... hnn!?"
She feels a sudden ache from within her abdomen.
An ache pulsates through Seraphina's whole body.
An excruciating thirst strikes Seraphina.
Seraphina "R-Really? This is... Hnn..."
Was it because she finally relaxed? Had she been distracted this whole time?")
The impulses are back and stronger than ever.
Seraphina "Nahhhh, hahh, hahhhh... hnnn, kfff, nghhh, khhhh... I can't, hnn... I must endure... hnn..."
Seraphina struggles for breath.
As the heat of her flesh rages, her grasp on control slips.
Her lower abdomen and uterus throb with pain.
Seraphina "Hahhh... hahhh... hahhh... Calm down... Get a hold of yourself... Hahhh... hahhhh... hahh, hahh, ngh, hahhhh..."
Seraphina tries to calm her mind and body by taking a deep breath.
However, the heat does not subside.
She can't stop her immense thirst. No matter how much she sucks down her saliva, it is meaningless. Her thirst just grows stronger.
Seraphina "Hahhhh, ngh, hahh, uhh... What am I to do...?"
The more her head boggles, the hotter her body gets.
Her lower abdomen and crotch feel especially hot. They throb so much that they feel swollen, and when she can't bear it any longer, she presses on her groin with her hand, and a squelching sound can be heard because it is wet.
At the same time, Seraphina is struck by a pleasant sensation that makes her spine tremble.
Seraphina "Nahhh, hahhh, nghhhhh... khhhhh, nghhhh... ahhh, I, hnn... I... hnn..."
She feels like crying as she imagines what Iris must be suffering.
But her ache and thirst are unbearable.
Just as she is about to resign herself to the thought that she will have to console herself, she hears a rustling in the leaves.
Seraphina "Huh!?"
Boy "Ah... Are you... okay?"
She thought it was a pursuer, but it isn't.
A simple boy is before her. He's probably from a nearby village.
Boy "Are you alright? Should I... call someone to help?"
Seraphina "Ahh... hnnnnnh..."
The boy slowly approaches.
He tries to hide his bright red face filled with embarrassment from Seraphina. But he also tries to glance occasionally at him.
Seraphina "Nghhh...! Nghhhh, nahhh, hahhhh, hahhhh...! Uh, khhh, kfff, uhhhhh... hnnn..."
Suddenly, she catches the masculine scent in the air.
The smell makes her cunt ache and mouth water more.
Unable to resist, Seraphina finds herself on her knees.
Boy "Uh, I'll... go get someone... right away..."
Seraphina "Wait..."
In a panic, she tells him not to leave.
Her voice is feeble, but still the boy stops in his paces.
Seraphina "Hahhh, hahh, hahh, ngh, hahh, hahhh..."
Boy "Well, um... what can I...?"
The boy looks at her with unease and fear.
She realizes he is the source of the masculine scent.
Seraphina (So young... yet already a man...)
He is visibly aroused.
It seems he is somehow aware of her lust.
The boy is smiling and likable as he sits back with a slightly tearful look on his face as if puzzled by his own reaction.
Seraphina's mouth waters, and she gulps.
Seraphina "Nghhh... kaff, ngh, hahh... hahh, hahh..."
Seraphina (Oh, no, what am I doing? What am I thinking?)
She is distraught by the thoughts running through her mind.
She seems to have no more ability to resist the hunger of her cunt.
Seraphina (There is nothing I can do... Even if Iris were here... escape would be...)
Seraphina (But... I got this far... I am sure the Service Nation's soldiers are close behind...)
She has all the excuses made up instantly.
All to silence the voice of reason in her.
She smiles at the boy.
Seraphina "Come, boy... I'm in trouble... I need your help..."
Boy "Hn... What can I... do?"
He blushes and gulps nervously.
Seraphina reaches out to the boy with a gentle smile.
Seraphina (Ahh... It can't be helped... but...)
Seraphina "Come here... please..."
Boy "Y-Yeah..."
He approaches slowly as Seraphina beckons to him.
Then...
#04_ser008h_ser06
Seraphina "Ahaaaahhnn... hnn... hhff... What a sweet boy... Yet... so hard..."
Boy "Hahh... That's... Hnnn..."
Seraphina lays the boy's body down and covered him with herself.
His cock is just in front of her face, and her cunt is waiting for him.
She can feel his gaze on her wet twat.
This is enough to make her cunt ache.
She can feel his excitement at seeing a woman like this for the first time.
Seraphina "I can see your hooded monk trembling. Should I make him feel good?"
Boy "That... That's... Umm... hn..."
Seraphina "Or... would you like to lick my cunt?"
Boy "Hnnn!!"
Seraphina shakes her hips invitingly over the boy's face.
A drop of her juices lands on his nose.
His body shakes.
Boy "Just... why... are you... doing this?"
Seraphina "Because you're so adorable... And yet, you're barely a man."
Boy "I haven't done..."
Seraphina "You're going to help me, right...? This is necessary for that..."
Seraphina speaks softly to him as if she were soothing an infant.
The boy swallows what seems like a rebuttal and simply stiffens up.
Seraphina "Don't worry... I'll take care of you. Just give in to me."
With that said, Seraphina gently peels down the foreskin with her fingers.
Boy "Aahh!?"
The skin is barely peeled back, but the boy grunts in pain and kicks his leg.
Seraphina temporarily stops retracting his foreskin as the pink head of his cock makes an appearance, and she is overwhelmed with the stench of rotting smegma.
Seraphina "Kaff... hnn... hahh... It smells so good... Hmmf... There's smegma on it... You have to make sure to clean it, you know...?"
Boy "Uhh... uhh... Forgive me... Hnk?"
More drops fall from her cunt to his face as he apologizes nearly to the point of tears.
Her lust grows stronger as she smells his cock more.
Her cunt visibly writhes, inviting the boy to explore past her labia to the pussy hidden within.
The sight is so obscene and beautiful that the boy gasps.
Seraphina sniffs his trembling cock and even pokes it with her nose.
Seraphina "Uhhhshh... hnn... hahh... It is such a lovely cock... Maybe... this is the first time a woman's touched it?"
Boy "T-Touching... a woman..."
Seraphina "Huhh... I thought so... virgin cock and foreskin... are so tasty..."
Boy "Hwaah... hnn... umm... hnn..."
Just a light poke to the head of his cock with the tip of her nose is enough to make the boy cry.
The boy's lower limbs twist hard, and clear juices are pouring out of the tip of his immature cock.
Seraphina makes a small noise and spits.
Seraphina (Hah... I'm really... I have to do this... to meet Iris again...)
She tells herself these excuses over and over again as her rational mind urges her to feel guilt.
She also excuses the obscenities that pour out one after another.
Seraphina (Besides... if I don't act quickly... or if Iris catches me like this...)
Seraphina "Well, won't you let me take your virginity?"
Seraphina smiles at the boy, looks down at his crotch, and stretches out her tongue softly.
Seraphina "Muah, lckkk... ngh, nghhh..."
Boy "Hyaah!? Wahh!?"
Seraphina "Just like I thought... it really tastes good... This is what a virgin tastes like, huh...? It's completely different from an adult... Mm, lckkk, lckkk, lckkk... lckkkk..."
Boy "Hyaahh... hnnn! No! Stop!"
Seraphina "Hahahaha, you're confused by this new sensation, huh? It's okay. There's no need to be scared, you know...? Please accept the sensation and relax your body..."
Seraphina "Aren't you feeling good now...? Mm, muah, pah, muah, nghh... lckkk, lckkk, muah, lckkkkkk..."
Boy "Hnn... hmm... hnn!"
Gently taking hold of the boy's cock, Seraphina runs her tongue up his rod as well.
Seraphina "Lckkkk, mm, lckkkk, lckkkk... It's trembling and swelling... The head of it is starting to peek out a bit, you know? It's trying to become an adult's cock, huh...?"
Seraphina "Lckkkkk, lckkkk, sckkkk... lckkkkk, lckkkk, lckkkk, muah, lckkkk, lckkkkkkk..."
Boy "Hyaaahh!!"
She places her hands near the head of his cock so that the cock is on his belly. Then she licks the exposed parts.
As the boy's hips shudder with pain, clear precum gushes from the tip of his cock.
She tickles the head of his cock with her fingers while sucking his smooth sack into her mouth.
Seraphina "Muah, mm, hmmm... mmm, ngh, sckkk, sckkkk, pah... pah, you're making a lot of virgin cum in here, yeah...? Muah, muah, sckkkk..."
Boy "Hahh... hah... ah! Something... Something's...!"
The boy's thin abdominal muscles tighten as he endures the pain. She can feel their tightening against her breasts.
She enjoys teasing the boy as she reaches for the head of his cock with her tongue.
The foreskin is tight around the swollen head of his cock.
Seraphina "Sckkkkk... mm, hahaha, you've got smegma stuck to your dick, you know? You have to pull your foreskin back and clean it... Lckkkk, muah, mm... kaff, hahh..."
Seraphina "The smegma is so thick... Hahhh, it's thrilling... Mmm, mm, muah, sckkkk..."
Boy "Hyah... ahh... ahh! S-Stop!"
Seraphina licks up his smegma.
The head of his cock swells again with another small quiver, and his foreskin peels back a little again.
Seraphina "Haha, just a little bit more and the foreskin will be completely pulled back, yeah? If I do this... Mmm, muah, lckkk... sckkk..."
The drool has built up in her mouth, and she coats the gap between the head of his cock and his foreskin.
She pulls the skin back with her fingers while wetting the tip with her spit.
Boy "It... It hurts!"
Seraphina "Lckkk... Just a little more... Lckkk, lckkk... Just a little more... Mmm, please endure... Lckkk..."
Boy "Khh... hah!"
Seraphina "Hnn... hmmff... hnnnnh... hhh..."
Seraphina "Hahh... It's been cleaned and pulled back. Your untouched cock... is so cute and pink... The smegma still needs to be completely cleaned up, though... Hahahahaha..."
Seraphina "Look, how do you like it? How does it feel to have a grown-up dick? From now on, you're going to have to keep the skin back on your own."
Boy "Uhhh, uh, uh...!"
Seraphina "Huh?"
Suddenly, the boy clenches his fists and is desperately grinding his teeth.
His foreskin pulled back for the first time causes the rest of his cock to pulse violently from the base.
Seraphina "Does it hurt? Was it... too much too fast?"
Boy "No, I can't take it anymore!"
Spllllrrrt! Pshhhh! Pshhhhh!")
Seraphina "Kyahh!? Ahhnn... hnkh... naah!"
Suddenly, the boy's hips seem to jump up, and hot drops splash on her face with a smack.
Seraphina's spine shivers with pleasure as she is enveloped in his thick, foul-smelling seminal odor.
Seraphina "Ah... ahhh... Did you cum just from having your foreskin pulled back...?"
Boy "Ahh... hahh! I'm sorry!"
Seraphina "Ahhhh, hahhh... muah, nahhhhhhhh...!"
She licks the thick drops from her lips.
Her mind and sinuses are shocked by the pungent and sour stench, and she feels as though her body is floating.
She shudders as the boy has his first climax.
Seraphina "Hahhhh, nahhhh... hahhh, hahh, ngh... hahhhh..."
The explosive ejaculation quickly subsides.
Seraphina's amorous sighs and the boy's sobs echo around them.
Boy "Hghhh, hahhh... I'm sorry... I'm sorry..."
Seraphina "You don't need to say sorry, you know? This is good and natural. You should enjoy cumming and giving women facials."
Boy "Huh? What? Really?"
The boy's eyes flutter in surprise as Seraphina speaks to him with a gentle smile.
The content of the words is obscene, but Seraphina teaches the boy without being ashamed.
Seraphina "Other than my face... do you think you could cum in my mouth next? You want to try that next, don't you...?"
Boy "Eh? Eh? Eh? B-But..."
Seraphina "Hahahahaha... Your cock looks like it wants to. Look how badly it's trembling... Mm..."
When Seraphina lightly grips his cock, which is still erect after ejaculation, the residue of cum makes a muddy sound.
Seraphina shudders with pleasure at the feel of her palm sliding over the cock, and she extends her tongue to the cock.
Seraphina "Lckkk... muah, sckkk, lckkk, lckkkk... mmm, muah, muah, ngh... lckkk, lckkk..."
Boy "Hyaaahh!?"
The boy screams at the sensation of her tongue on the freshly revealed head of his cock.
She milks the remaining cum from his cock onto her tongue.
Seraphina "Mm, lckk, mm... There's still some dick juice deep inside your pee hole... If I don't suck this up... Lckkk... muah, muah..."
Boy "Hyaahh!?"
Seraphina "Sckkkkk... Virgin milk is delicious... Haha, it's so thick... And the smell... Lckkk, sckkk, sckkk..."
Boy "H-Hyeahh... If you do it like that...!!"
Seraphina "Oh, look. The head of your cock is twitching so much... Could it be that you want to cum again...?"
Boy "Uh, no... That's okay... Hn!"
Seraphina "Haha, I know it hurts, but please endure, okay? If you endure... that alone will make your next ejaculation more pleasurable, okay...?"
Boy "O-Okay... I'll try..."
The boy responds as best he can at Seraphina's prompting.
Seraphina gently kisses the head of his cock as if to say he's doing a good job.
Seraphina "Muah, mm, haha... Then you'll endure, yeah? You've already go a man's dick... so you can spew your load as quick as last time, okay?"
Despite telling him he's becoming a man, she still coddles him like an infant.
After watching the boy nod his head, Seraphina opens her mouth wide.
Seraphina "Mm... hmm, ngh, mm, mghhhh... sckkk, mm, sckkkkk..."
Boy "Uhhh! Hwaaah... ahh... ah... hahhh!"
Seraphina "Ngh, sckkk... nghhhhh..."
Hot breath escapes from Seraphina's nose as she nibbles on his cock.
In her mouth, an unstoppable stream of precum floods in. Seraphina lightly purses her lips and sips on the juice.
Seraphina "Muah, muah, sckkk, sckkk, ngh..."
Boy "Ahh... No, no!"
Seraphina "Hnngg... Are you okay? Can you not hold on? Even though you promised?"
Seraphina "Sllllrrrrrp, sckkkk, kpfff... kpfffff, sckkkk, kpngh, sckkkk..."
Boy "Hnn!"
Seraphina suppresses her deviant feelings and bobs her head up and down with considerable ease while looking at the boy.
In her mouth, she presses her tongue against the underside of his cock as if she is tasting it while her lips tighten over it.
Seraphina "Kpffff, sckkk, kpffff, sckkk... hnnn, mm, mm, hmm, mm, kmfff... ngh... slllrrrp, pah, sckkk, sckkkk, sckkkkkk...!"
Boy "Hyaahh... angh... khh!?"
Her cheeks suck in as she sucks lustfully on the cock.
The boy screams in a panic, and Seraphina's movements loosen, but it's a little late.
Boy "No... Ahh... Something... Something is... Hmmm!"
Seraphina (What? Really? Already?)
It took no time at all for the boy to proclaim he is close to cumming.
She isn't surprised, but she's still unsatisfied.
Seraphina (I guess it can't be helped... It seems the foreskin is moving easier than before at least...)
Seraphina "Sckkkk... ngh, hahaha... Please make sure to beg... Muah, mm, sckkk..."
Boy "Hyah... ahh... hahh... B-Beg?"
Seraphina "Your cock, what does it want...? Mm, muah... Tell me... Mm, slllrrrrp... sckkkk... Hey? What do you want?"
Boy "Hn... I want to... I want to... cum in your mouth!"
Seraphina "Hahahahah... You said it. Mm, muah, sckkk, sckkkkkkk... mm..."
As shy as could be expected, the boy rocks his hips anticipating cumming in her mouth.
Seraphina is thrilled by the boy's appearance and keeps working him.
Seraphina "Sckkkk, sckkkkk, kbngh! Ngh, hahh... Good. Mm, sckkkkk, hahh, cum... Cum in my mouth...!"
Boy "Ahh... hah... ah!"
She purses her lips while bobbing her head on his cock.
She feels it twitching like it's about to cum again.
Trying to make his pleasure explode, Seraphina sucks the child's cock in deeper.
Seraphina "Gpfffff, muah, sckkkkkkkk! Pnghhhhhh, sckkkkkk, muah, muah!"
Spllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Hnn! Hnnmmm! Kahf... hnnn... hmmm!"
More vigorously than the first time, youthful cum spurts into her mouth.
Seraphina sucks on his virgin cock as it continues to spray inside her mouth.
Seraphina "Sllllrrrrrp, sllllrrrrrp... nghhhh, kaff... sckkkk, sllllrrrrrp... sckkkkk!"
Boy "Wahhhh... You're sucking... Hahhh!"
Seraphina "Mm, khhh... glgg, delicious... Mm, mm, slllrrrp, sckkk... mmm, cum more..."
Boy "Hwaaaah!!"
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhh, bshhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Hnnff! Hmmp... pahh... hmmm!"
Seraphina "Nah... hahh... mmm... sckkk... mmm... sckkkk... muah..."
Boy "Huhh... hahh... hahnn..."
After cumming, she keeps his cock in her mouth and gently sucks and sips the residue from his urethra.
Seraphina "Mm... hahhh... mmm... muah... sckkkk, muah..."
Her lips are sealed on his cock as she pulls her head back.
Seraphina "Sckkkk... hahhh, hahhh, mmm, ahhhhh..."
Seraphina "Haha, you came more the second time, huh? Slllrrrrp... nghhh, sckkkk, nahhhh... The taste is much richer than the first load. It's really delicious, you know...?"
Boy "Hahh..."
Seraphina "Hahaha... Are you exhausted after suddenly cumming twice in a row? But there's still more to come, you know...?"
She grabs his deflated cock and begins to jerk it once again.
Seraphina "So, do you know how good it feels if we lick each other at the same time?"
Boy "Huh? What?"
Seraphina "Hahaha... You get it, don't you?"
Seraphina sways her hips from side to side as she asks.
Her pussy is absolutely soaked, and a large gloop of its juice drops onto his face.
Seraphina smiles at the boy as he swallows hard.
Seraphina "You haven't even done anything yet, but I'm already wet."
Boy "Then... I..."
Seraphina "Hahaha... Please..."
Boy "Hnnngg!?"
Seraphina "Anghhhh, mmm, mmm... Lick me there like that...! Ah, good, nghhhh..."
As Seraphina drops her hips, she presses her wet crotch against the boy's face.
He writhes in amazement as her slit seals his lips.
Seraphina "Hahhn... hnn... kahhf... More... Lick it more... Ahhh... Oh, you're so good... Stick your tongue inside..."
Boy "Huhh... hmmm... hnkh!"
Seraphina "Hahhnn... ahn... hnnn... Your tongue feels so good. Hnn... ahh... So good... Give me more! More! Don't stop!"
He moans and begins to devour her like a beast.
His tongue darts around lost without any technique, and Seraphina's heart aches not just from the pleasure but also the desire to subjugate him.
She trembles at the sensation and lowers herself onto his face.
Seraphina "Ahh... It's so good... Your nose... and lips... Hnn... hahh... It's like I'm using your face... to masturbate..."
Boy "Hnn!"
His face is bright red. He boldly thrusts his tongue into Seraphina's vulva and licks the folds of her flesh.
A faint sweet-and-sour taste stimulates the boy's tongue, and the smell of a sweaty woman fills his nostrils.
Seraphina "Hnn... hmmph... Your cock... wants more already! Hahhn... Just keep licking it like that! Hnn... hahn..."
Seraphina can see that his wilted cock has sprung back to life.
It is pulsing more forcefully than ever, and precum dribbles from it as though it were begging for touch.
Seraphina "You're getting big from licking my pussy... You're already all grown up... Ahhhh, nghhh, nghhh... Ahhh, you're good at eating pussy... Anghhhh..."
Boy "Hnnngg... hmmm... hnnfff!"
The praised boy gets more and more into it, sticking his tongue deep into her slit.
Seraphina smiles at the boy's attempt at teasing and grabs his hot, hard cock again.
Seraphina "Just like that... Hnn... Let's feel good... together... Hahaha..."
Seraphina "Hmmm, nghhh, nghhhhhh, muah, sckkkk, ngh... muah, sckkkkkk...!!"
Boy "Hnnn!? Hnngg... hmmmff..."
Seraphina "I can't... just feel good alone... Mmm, sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrp!"
The boy moans with pleasure and presses his face against Seraphina's cunt.
Seraphina oozes pussy juice as his nose grinds against her hole.
Seraphina "Hnn... hnngg... Like that... M-More... Not your nose. Use your mouth... Please suck on my pussy... Hnn..."
Boy "Nghh... sckkkk, muah... sckkkkkk!"
Seraphina "Hnnnh! Yes! More! Like that! Hahh... ahh... Oh, fuck! My pussy feels so good!"
As if gaining confidence from Seraphina's words, the boy moves his entire face, wriggles his tongue, and rubs her folds hard.
Wincing with pleasure at the licking of her hot, aching folds, Seraphina sucks hard on his cock in return.
Seraphina "Mnghhhh, hnghhhh, sckkkkk, sckkkk, ngh, slllllrrrrp, sckkkk, sckkkkkkkk!"
Boy "Nghhhhh, muah, sllllrrrrrp!"
Seraphina "Mmmm, sckkk, sckkkk, mmm, hahh... Shall we cum together next? Your cock and my pussy cumming together..."
Seraphina "Sllllrrrrp, gpffff, sckkkk! Nbffff, mm, sllllrrrrp, sckkkk, sckkkkk...! Pnghhhhhh, sckkkkk!"
The sounds of sucking ring out. She tightens her mouth around his shaft to suck on him harder.
Her lips lag behind when she pulls her head back, leaving them trailing on his shaft.
Feeling her own face contort obscenely, Seraphina sucks and works his cock.
Seraphina "Sckkkkk, sckkk, sckkkkkk! Hnghhh, hhh... mnghhh! Hnghhhh! Sckkkk, muah, muah, sckkkkkkkk!"
Boy "Hnngg... hnnn... hnngg!!"
She breathes in deep from her nose as the cock writhes in her mouth.
She sits heavier on his face and grinds her hips back and forth.
Seraphina "Not alone...! Hnn... hmmmf... Not yet... We... will... cum... together!"
Boy "Khh... hnn! Kahh!!"
Seraphina "Hmnghhh, hmmm... sllllrrrrp, lckkkk, sllllrrrrp... sckkkkk, sllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrrp, sllllrrrrrp, slllllrrrrp, sllllrrrrp, kbfff, sllllrrrrrp!!"
She is forcing him to cum while suffocating him with her cunt.
She bobs her head violently, and his cock is about to be pushed past the limit of its endurance by her intense suction.
Boy "Hnngg... I can't... hold back anymore! I'm... going to explode!"
Seraphina "Mmm, hahhhh, me too... Mmm, sckkkk, I'm going to cum... Nghhhhhhh!"
Seraphina "Hnghhhh, hahh, it's fine, you know? Cum, mm, even if you cum right away... slllrrrrp, sllllrrrrp, sckkkk, sckkkkk...! Me too!"
Seraphina "I'm cumming... Muah! Sllllrrrrp, sckkkkkkkkkk! Sckkkkkkkkkkkk, sckkkkkkkk!"
Boy "Hnnnn!!"
Her hair disheveled, Seraphina makes the boy's body jump and writhe as she sucks him off.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Hmmnghhhhh! Ungh, nghhh, nghhhh... ngh, nghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Spllllrrrt! Pshhhh! Pshhhh!")
Seraphina climaxes at the same time as she catches another serving of jizz in her mouth.
Her white, naked body trembles with pleasure, and juices flow from her cunt.
While writhing and squirting in ecstasy, she swallows the cum right from the source.
Seraphina "Lckkkkk, sckkkk, glgggg, glgg, mm... sckkkk, glgg, glgg...! Nghhhh, nghhh, muah, sckkkkk, sckkkkkk!"
Boy "Hnnngghh... hmmmh... hnng... I'm going to... cum... again!"
Seraphina "Nghhh, good. No matter how much you cum, I'll swallow it... Mm, I'll drink it all...! Please release all of... your virgin milk!"
Boy "I'm cumming!!"
Splllllrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Hnn... hmmff! Hmm... khh... hahh... uhhnnnnhhh..."
Again the boy thrusts his hips and shoots his shot vigorously.
The cum is so strong that it hits the back of her throat directly, and Seraphina cums so hard her vision goes white.
Seraphina "Ngh... ngh... sckkk... hmmmm... hah... sckkk... mm..."
Boy "Hahh... ahh... hehh... hyahh... ahh..."
Seraphina "Mm... hnghhhh, ngh... sckkkk... sckkkk... mmm... mmmm..."
The cock slowly deflates in Seraphina's mouth.
She expected as much that this is where it would have to end. As he writhes in pain and pleasure, she knows there is no more to do.
While twisting her tongue over the head of his cock, she gently milks the last of the jizz from his cock with her teeth.
Seraphina "Muah, sckkkk, sckkkk, lckkk, lckkkk... ngh, mm, mghhhhh, mm... muah, sckkkk, sckkkkkkkkkkkkk...!"
Seraphina "Pahhh, hahhh, hahhh, hahh, nghhh... nghhhh, nghhhh... hahahahaha, thanks for the cum..."
Seraphina thanks him while exhaling heavily after she squeezes out all of his cum.
Seraphina "You got me off, right and proper. Uhhfh... You can please a woman even though you're new to this..."
Boy "T-Thank you... I... felt so good... Ah..."
Seraphina "Hahahaha... I'm happy to hear that... but your virgin cock... still doesn't know true pleasure, you know?"
Boy "Huh? But... Hn!?"
To the puzzled boy, Seraphina again shakes her hips from side to side.
She then slowly lowers her hips as though to kiss him with her pussy lips.
Boy "Hahh... hnn... ahh... ahhn..."
Seraphina "Your cock... is going to go in this hole for real and ejaculate. That will turn you into a real man..."
Boy "Hnn... mm, glgg..."
Seraphina's crack undulates as if seeking a cock.
She can hear him gulp at the sight, and she trembles with great expectation.
Boy "But... my dick..."
Seraphina "Yes, I know... it's spent... But you just have to endure a little... okay?"
Seraphina laughs bewitchingly and covers her fingertips with the jizz that had stuck to his cock.
Boy "Hyaaahh!?"
She sticks a finger down the crack of his ass.
She penetrates his ass to stimulate his prostate, and his dick gets hard again right away.
Seraphina "This is your prostate... We can use this to get you hard again..."
Boy "Hyaahh... ahh... hnn! My... asshole?"
Seraphina "Haha, it's hard to grasp, isn't it? But men... tend to like it in this hole too."
Boy "Uhhh!"
She bends her fingers in his anus and watches his shaft respond.
Seraphina "Well, it seems you're ready. But, first, how about your virgin cum in my mouth again?"
Seraphina "If I put it in my pussy... you won't be a virgin anymore. I want to taste it again while you're still a virgin..."
Boy "Hehh... hyaahh... hahh!"
His shaking body is all the response she needs.
Seraphina "Hahaha, I'll let you drink more of my pussy juice as well... Go ahead."
Seraphina smiles at him as she puts his cock in her mouth once more.
............
......
...
#04_ser009
Seraphina's time with the boy continues...
She has completely forgotten about Iris as she gives in to her carnal instincts.
She takes his seed in her cunt, ass, and mouth.
Even Derek's soldiers are shocked to learn of her deeds.
Seraphina "Hah... What...? What have I done?"
She can feel her form crush under the weight of her regret.
Iris was prepared to die to give her this chance to escape. A chance that she let fall between her fingers.
She hasn't just lost that chance.
She could not contain her desires at the cost of a young boy's defilement.
Seraphina "But... how could I...? What have I become? Hahh... uhh..."
Anguish stabs her heart as she weeps.
Since she was raped by dark creatures, she has lost herself to sexual urges.
But she thought she had her sexual urges under control.
Seraphina "And yet... I was the one... who made this happen... I seduced him on my own..."
She enticed the lad with obscene words that she didn't even know were in her vocabulary and corrupted the youth.
Most frightening is that she doesn't feel at all like herself.
She trembles as she feels herself eroding away and making way for something else.
The days in her holy temple seem to have long passed.
Now she wonders if this lewdness was in her all along.
Seraphina "As an ancient high elf... I exist for the world..."
Seraphina desperately tries to remember her mission.
But only uncertainty and doubt answer her mental strain.
Seraphina's white skin turns even paler.
Seraphina "I am... Seraphina Rentoit... I'm just a high elf..."
She tries to remember who she is and says her name and her background.
At that moment, there is one face that she recalls most clearly.
Seraphina "Iris!"
The instant she remembers Iris's smile, the fog in her heart is swept away.
But it also reminds Seraphina of her own stupidity and failure.
Seraphina "Uhh... kafhh... ahh... Oh, Iris... after all you did... what have I done?"
She has wasted the opportunity her dearest friend made for her to fuck some random youth because she was so consumed by her own lust.
The greatest torment of all is that she doesn't even know if Iris is safe.
She prays to hear news soon of her well-being.
Though neither Raymond nor Derek has checked on her in days.
Seraphina "Oh, Iris... forgive me..."
In her darkest moment, a visitor finally arrives.
Raymond "Oh, no! Lady Seraphina, don't try to stand on your own! You're so far along now!"
Raymond completely disregards the situation, saying whatever he wants.
Seraphina interrupts him colder than ever before.
Seraphina "Shut up! Tell me... what has become of Iris? Might I see her?"
Raymond "Oh? The woman that tried to steal you away? Yes, I have gotten word from Derek about her."
Seraphina "Then... tell me..."
She winces knowing that she might not like the news.
She opens her eyes in fear to see Raymond smiling.
Raymond "Iris has tearfully had a change of heart and looks forward to being with you soon."
Seraphina "Oh, thank the heavens! Really? Oh, Iris..."
Raymond "Come now, come now, Lady Seraphina! We have a special sacrifice for you today! Derek has chosen the best and freshest slaves for you!"
Raymond "Don't fret, it is a basic ceremony, and they too are followers of our god!"
Seraphina "Again... but they? I can't believe..."
Her eyes go pale as they cloud with tears.
Despite all that she endures, she still can't save a single person.
Her grief is even greater knowing that these slaves were gathered to be slaves for her.
Inspired by righteous indignation, Seraphina glares strongly at Raymond.
Seraphina "I shall... never let myself become that which you wish me to be..."
Seraphina "If you're gathering slaves for me, it's in vain. Release them."
Raymond "Oh, no! Lady Seraphina, you are incubating the child of our god! You must be nourished!"
Seraphina "Hnn... I-I..."
She feels nothing like that creature's mother.
She wants to say this, but she knows she can't.
She knows that her carnal yearnings ignited after she was inseminated.
Other than that, there are still no noticeable changes to her body.
But she does see her vulnerability to pleasure.
Raymond "Come, Lady Seraphina! Your meal awaits you!"
Seraphina "Hnn, n-no... no... no... I... Nghhh, nghhh, nghh, hahh, hahh, ahhh... I don't want this, though..."
At just the word meal, her heart skips a beat.
She vividly imagines having to suck cum straight from the cocks of many men. The image of herself lovingly sucking their cocks is vivid in her mind.
This is enough to make her mouth water.
Seraphina (No! I must... endure...! I can't go with him!)
Raymond "As I said earlier, these are the particularly lively men chosen by Lord Derek. You will surely be satisfied with them!"
Seraphina "Hnn... hah... naahh... ahh..."
Seraphina (No! Stop! Please don't! I don't want to do this!)
Her heart protests desperately.
But she finds herself taking Raymond's hand, following behind him.
Seraphina "Hnn... You bastards... Ah, ahhhh..."
She is being led to Raymond's private temple. She has been here many times before.
The room is filled with around thirty men. They're garbed in shabby clothes, but their bodies are powerful and muscular. They stand uncomfortably in a line with dower looks on their faces.
With this many men combined with the original filth, the room is filled with the foul stench of sweat and rot.
Seraphina (Hnn... Why? Why does it smell like this? I know it reeks, but... Ahhhh...)
She winces as her nose twitches from the powerful scent.
Just smelling the rotting stench makes her chest and cunt ache.
As her thighs cross with her steps, she can hear the sound of her cunt growing moist.
Seraphina (I must endure... Ahhh, nghh, hahh, I must, nghhh... Ahh, but... kffff, nghhhh, hahhh... ngh, hahhh... snfff... hahhhhh...)
Slave A "Really? We get to fuck this beautiful elf?"
One of the men asks Raymond in partial disbelief.
His crotch is already bulging with excitement.
The sight steals her breath away.
Raymond "I hope you don't misunderstand me, but your job is to pour your spirit into Lady Seraphina. Yes, for the healthy growth of the Divine Child!"
Slave A "That's... a yes, right?"
A man with a grin on his face approaches Seraphina.
Following suit, she is surrounded by more of them.
Seraphina "P-Please wait... I-I... Nghhh, nghhh, ah, ahhhh... hahh, knghhhhh... hnn..."
In an attempt to somehow stop the men, Seraphina looks for words.
But the scent of her flesh only invigorates them.
Their heart rates spike with anticipation.
She grows hot as her eyes turn to their crotches.
Seraphina (I can't... This is... too far... I'm still me! Still the same... I can't be... make this mistake again...!)
Her fear isn't over being raped.
What she fears is enjoying it.
Seraphina "Please... listen to me... I... I... uhh... hahh..."
Slave A "Hehehe, I can tell you are in the mood too! This'll be a great story. So good nobody'll believe me."
Seraphina "Augh...! Nahh, ah, no, you can't...!"
She is powerless under his grasp.
Hastened by her own desires, it seems like Seraphina's lust is seen right through as she finds herself forced to straddle the man.
#04_ser010h_ser07
Seraphina "Kffffff...! Nahhh, i-it's hot... Khhhh, nghhhhh... hnnn!!"
The slave leads Seraphina to mount his cock.
Her body trembles helplessly at the feeling of his hot and hard cock forcing her insides to stretch.
Slave A "Now ain't that some good pussy! A cock hungry one at that!"
Seraphina "Khffff, nghhh, nghhhhh... That's... Aghhh, khhh, nghhhh...!"
She denies what he says, but she knows that it's true.
Her cunt writhes as though devouring the rod inside her. He can feel her pussy ripple over him, drawing him to her womb.
The more she feels his cock, the more she humps and rubs hard against his cock. Her obscene desires swell further.
Seraphina (I must endure! Should I be swallowed up in this... I may never know my true self again.)
Her lust and libido boil over to the point of agony. If she gives in, she will lose all sense of rationality.
She tries to defy her desires, but her hips buck of their own accord.
Slave B "Hey, I don't wanna wait!"
Seraphina "Hahhh!? Nghhh, nghhh, hnnn, pah, ngh, anghhh...!"
His cock is covered in and reeks of smegma. It rubs against her cheeks. She feels nauseous at the scent, and her body trembles.
However, despite the unpleasant odor, it irresistibly draws Seraphina's heart. Even though she knows it is a foul smell, she wants to smell it even more. She wants to taste it with her tongue.
Seraphina (No! What the hell are you doing? I... I...!)
Slave C "Hey, what are you going to do with those hands?"
Slave D "Don'cha worry, I'll make you feel good too."
Seraphina "Hyaah... ahh... hn! No! Stop... Please... Hyah... hahhn... hmm... hnn!"
Despite her struggle, Seraphina ends up with another filthy cock in her hands. Her palms are stained with smegma and precum.
A dirty slave's hands dig into Seraphina's soft tits.
The cock in her cunt is no cleaner either.
Within and without, she is defiled. Yet the filth just makes her lust for more.
Seraphina "Hahhh, hahhhh, nghhhhh... nghhhh, nghhh, kfff, hahh, nghhhh... hnnn..."
Slave B "Hey, don't forget to suck this cock, bitch!"
Seraphina "Hahh... hn! Hnn... hahh... nahh... ahh... hnn..."
Her lips rub against his filthy shaft.
She quickly purses her lips closed, but the stench of decay has already invaded her skull.
When the cock is pulled away she can still find its taste on her lips. The sourness of it all sends numbing waves through her brain.
She wants his cock. She wants to taste it, and she cannot resist this truth anymore.
Seraphina (Yes... just once... To get them off... That's it... to get them... off...)
She tells herself this excuse as she extends her tongue.
Seraphina "Mm, sckkkk... lckkkk, ngh, nahhh... muah, lckkkk, lckkkk... lckkkk, sckkkk, sckkk, sckkk... mm, muah, lckkk..."
Even though she should be repulsed, Seraphina's heart flutters with excitement as she tastes his cock.
She licks and sucks the sour and nauseating content right off his rod. It would normally make anyone puke.
She sucks the head of his cock, covering it in her spit. She sucks off every last bit of smegma from it.
She gnaws at it with her teeth when it won't come off.
Slave C "Hey, why are you keeping my cock waiting?"
Seraphina "Nahhh, ahhh, yes... Mmm, it's hot... Ah, it's bending back in my hand... Mm, mm, nghhh... lckkkk, lckkk, lckkkkkkkkkkkk..."
She explores the rod with her hands, inspecting its shape.
She moves in small motions over the length of the shaft while being in sync with her tongue fucking.
Slave D "You look like you find my cock delicious! You really fuckin' love it!"
Seraphina "Lckkkk, muah, sckkkk, mm, lckkkk... mmm, hahh, ahhh, I... am doing it like this because that's what you want me to do... Muah, sckkk, muah, sckkkk..."
Rather than protesting against what the slave says, Seraphina merely tells herself that she doesn't want this.
But the more she licks the hotter she gets and the more her cunt aches. The sour taste makes her womb tingle.
As she takes dick in her mouth, her pussy squeezes tight around the cock inside.
Seraphina notices that her hips are moving, and she stops them in a panic.
Seraphina (I can't... lose focus...! I can't get off on this... I have to satisfy them to bring this to an end quickly...!)
She repeats her excuses over and over again.
			?B
But surrounded by foul-smelling cocks leaves her acting on some darker instinct.
Seraphina (Ahh... No... No, this is wrong... Hmm... I just... need to finish... them fast...)
Seraphina "Muah, sckkk, muah... ngh, ahh, muah, sckkk, lckkk, lckkk, lckkkk..."
She doesn't just lick it but sucks the cock into the sides of her mouth.
She licks it from below as she looks up at the slave.
Huge globs of precum dribble from his throbbing cock.
Slave D "Hehehh, not complainin' now that you got some cock in yer mouth, eh?"
Seraphina "Nahhhh...!? Ah, ahhh, hnghhh... nahhhh, ahhh, when that's done to me... Mmm, muah, sckkk, lckkk, lckkk, lckkk..."
The slave mercilessly molests her tits. He is cruel like a greedy child, selfishly grabbing at them.
Though the kneading hurts, it also drives her crazy.
She wants him to pull and tug at them more wildly.
She tries to get the thought out of her mind by focusing on the cock in her mouth.
Seraphina "Ngh, mm... muah, muah, sckkk... lckkk, lckkk, sckkk, lckkk..."
Slave D "Hehehe, look at yer nips standin' on end. They want more, don't they?"
Seraphina "Kyaahh!? ahhh... No! Not that! No! What the? Hn!"
Pain shoots through her flesh as he pinches and pulls.
Pleasurable shocks run up and down her form as the slave pinches her erect nipple.
Seraphina "Please I'll pleasure you all properly... so... Mmm, muah, lckkk... nah, ah, ahhh, no, you can't do any more to my nipples...!"
As he pinches her nipples, a wave of pleasure forces her back to bend, and her vision to go white.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Pshhhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Seraphina "Naaahh! Hnnnn! No! No, that's too much! Oooh! I'm already... cumming!"
Between the slave's fingers, milk gushes from her tits.
Seraphina looks upward as she finds herself cumming while feeling this bizarre new sensation.
Slave D "Uhhh! Wow! She's squirting... milk!"
Seraphina "No, please stop...! If you milk me anymore... I'll... cum again!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Pshhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Haah... ahh... I'm... I'm... I'm cumming! I... I... Ahhh... My tits... are gushing with milk because you squeezed my boobs, and it's making me cum! Uhhh!"
With a dick between her legs, Seraphina spasms and screams orgasmically.
It's more than the slaves can stand.
She naturally cums from feeling her tits squirt while getting raped.
Slave A "Aahh... Fuck! You can't just cum on your own!"
Seraphina "Hyaaahh! Hnngg... uhnn... uhhnn... hnngg... naaahh! Hahh... ahh... It's so deep... inside me..."
Her gorgeous body flails from the intense thrusting.
The impact in her cunt makes her shake her head more manically, pleasuring the cock in her mouth.
The slave playing with her tits continues to greedily rub them while she is getting pounded with cocks.
Seraphina "Hnnkh... hnn... naahh! Hyaaah! There's so much milk! It won't stop! Hnn!"
Although it is not as vigorous as before, when he squeezes her nipples, milk continues to spurt from them.
Each time, it makes her womb ache.
Slave D "Hehehe, yer tits are pretty sweet. Let me drink some more!"
Seraphina "Kahh... uhh... hahhh! Hyaahhn... hnnn! Please don't squeeze my boobs anymore!"
The man squeezing her boobs licks the milk from his hand. Just being shown such a thing makes the core of her head feel hot and numb.
Seraphina (Why...? Why am I getting off on this? I can't take it...! I shouldn't think that I want him to do it...!)
She scolds herself for her foolishness.
Seraphina desperately tries to remind herself of her mission to return balance to the world and lead people to peace.
She scolds herself for drowning in pleasure in a place like this.
Seraphina (I know... I know...! But...!)
Seraphina "Kfnghhh! Ungh, nahhhh! Ah, ahhh, it's so deep...! It's good deep inside! Ah, aghhhh, kahhhh!"
Seraphina "Nahhhhh, ahhhhh...! More... If you do that, it would go deeper... Hhh, hahhhhhh!"
Responding to this sensation, she drives her hips down shoving the tip of the slave's cock into her cervix.
A dazzlingly vivid sensation of pleasure rushes up her spine right into her mind.
Wanting more pleasure, Seraphina puts all her strength into her lower body and squeezes his cock with her pussy. The men hump in and out intensely.
As his dick is balls deep in her pussy, juices gush out from it, making wet noises.
Slave C "I-Incredible... You really like it... huh?"
One slave's mouth waters outside of his control.
The last shreds of rationality in her mind struggle to form excuses for what she is doing and seeing.
Seraphina (No! It's not like that! This... isn't for me... It's to satisfy them...)
Seraphina (That's it... That's the reason... I can't help it... if it feels good too...)
Seraphina "Hahh... hnn... kafh... haahh! Aahh... No... Hnn... No more!"
Her body quivers as her cunt clamps down on the cock in her cunt.
Seraphina (I don't care anymore! I don't care at all! I just want to feel good!)
She turns her lustful eyes on the cock before her face.
Seraphina "Mmm, muah... sckkkk, sckkk, sckkk, sckkk... mm, nghhh... muah, muah, sckkk, sckkkk, muah, muah, muah!"
Slave B "Hah! Fuck, I'm about to bust a nut!"
She passionately sucks the cock in her mouth, tightening her lips around it.
Her lips are locked around his shaft before sliding over the wide head of his cock.
Of course, her hips continue to shake, and she continues to jerk off the cock in her hands.
Seraphina "Pahhh, hahhh, nghhh, more... Please squeeze my boobs more... Pah, ngh, slllrrrp, slllrrrrp, slllrrrrp, sckkk, muah, muah..."
Slave D "Hooh! My pleasure! I'll squeeze the milk right the fuck out of them!"
The slaves swarm Seraphina's body.
One prods her tits with his fingers again, roughly moving his digits over their girth before torturing her nipples.
The slave beneath Seraphina pushes up harder, ramming his rod deeper into her cunt.
Seraphina "Pahh... hnn! Ahh... heh, hahhnn... Ahh... That's the spot...!"
Seraphina "More... Please fuck both my mouth and my cunt deeper! Bahhh, nghhh, muah, sckkkk, sckkkk, muah!"
Seraphina burns with a hunger for cock.
The cock dives deep between the swollen folds of her cunt while she shoves the cock into her throat as deep as she can.
Her throat wraps around the cock like a glove.
Slave A "Kafff, ahhh! I can't believe it!"
Slave B "N-No! If you do it like that...!"
Seraphina "Nghhhh hmmmm... lckkk! Hot! Semen, lckkk, nghhh, inside me!"
Seraphina "Hyaahh! Hnnnfff! Hmmm! Pahh... ahh... Please pump my filthy elf cunt full of your cum! Hnn!"
Seraphina "Lckkkk, bghhhh, muah, sckkkk! Muah, muah, muah, sckkk... nghhhhh, muah!"
She can't control her inner impulses anymore, and she sucks down his cock while screaming obscenities.
She puckers her lips around the cock in her mouth and scrapes it clean before jamming it back down her throat.
She places her weight on the slave beneath her, pushing the head of his cock into her cervix.
Pleasure swells all at once.
Seraphina "Nahhhh, hahhh, ahhhhh...! Cum fast...! I'm already, nghhh... sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkk!"
Slave B "Haahh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"
Slave A "Me too! Oh, fuck!"
Seraphina "Nghhhh, mmm, sckkkkkk! Nghhhh, sckkkk, sckkkkk!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Gshhhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhhh, gshhhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Bahhhh...! Ghnghhhh, nghhhhh... nghhhh, nghhhh, muah... sckkkk! Ngh, nghh, hnghhhhh...!"
Boiling hot spunk spurts into her mouth and cunt.
The cocks in her hands begin to spray her with jizz.
All at once she climaxes, and streams of milk erupt from her defiled tits.
Seraphina "Khnghhhh, ungh, nghhhhhh! Hghhh... I'm cumming! Bahhhh, nghhh, nghhh, pahhhhh...!"
Servings of cum flow down her throat.
The heat of the semen burning her throat and the force of the cum flowing into her cunt makes Seraphina feel as if her body were floating.
Then, all at once, she is showered with white spunk again.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Gshhhhh! Bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhh, gshhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Naaah! Maahh... hmmm... I'm... cumming! Hnnn... gahh... kaaaaahhh!!"
Her writhing body convulses under the geyser of cum.
There is no anguish on her face, only a cum-drunk joy.
Seraphina "Nghhh... mmm, muah, sckkkkk... mmm, glggg, mm, hahhhh... ahhhhh... hnghhhh, mmm... This cum is delicious... Hahahahaha..."
She scoops up the spent jizz and sucks it off of her fingers like they were little cocks.
She audibly gulps down their seed so that they can hear it.
The sound is enough to rehoist their drained cocks.
Seraphina "Hahaha... Everyone, your cocks are still full of energy, huh? I want you to cum a lot more, okay...? Mm, muah, lckkk... lckkk, lckkk..."
Slave B "Kafh... ah... hahh... That's... Hnn!"
She licks the sensitive head of one slave's cock, and he whimpers from the sensation.
She looks up and smiles before kissing his tip.
Then she looks down at the slave beneath her and focuses her strength to her abdomen.
She tightens her abs and kegels to gently squeeze the dick inside her.
As she squeezes, the cum inside her spurts out.
Seraphina "Can you... give me more? Pump me full until it gushes back out of my womb? Your cock wants to do that, right? Hahaha..."
While speaking, she shakes her hips slowly. She runs every corner of her pussy against his erect cock.
Seraphina "I want all of you to empty your balls for me. In my mouth, my cunt, and on my face... I want it all!"
Seraphina looks at the men around her, stares at their dicks, and laughs.
Then...
Seraphina "Hanghhhh, more! Please cum in me more...! You can, hannnghhh, still cum, right? Your cock is hard!"
The room is filled with the thick stench of sex.
This is the result of thirty slaves being forced to ejaculate not twice, not thrice, but four, five, or six times in rapid succession.
Most of the slaves are fainting as if they have been exhausted of fluids. Even so, Seraphina does not let them rest.
Seraphina "Hnghhhh, lckkk, muah, lckkk! Hahhh, it's bad if you, nghhh, don't cum, you know? Please try harder."
She urges another man to cum by licking his cock, which she forced to get erect yet again.
The slave's eyes cross and his knees get weak.
Seraphina "Cock! Give me more cock! Deep! Deep inside my cunt!"
Seraphina "Kafff, ahhhh, hanghhh! Ahhh, I want to drink more...! I want to chug down cum! I want my stomach to be filled!"
She sits atop a man who no longer has the energy to speak. She humps him quickly, greedy for pleasure.
This is the opposite of the Seraphina that so desperately tried to be an image of self-control.
............
......
...
#04_ser011
A few days have passed since she devoured all the slave's cocks had to offer...
Sensual, yet distressed, tones fill Seraphina's chamber.
Seraphina "Nghhh... nghhh, ah, ahhh, no... Nghhh, khhh, khhh... khhhhh... hnn!"
Seraphina "Hahh, nghhh, hahhh... ahhh, again... hnn..."
A weary breath departs her as she finishes masturbating.
Her lust grows hungrier with each day.
She has no strength to resist.
There is almost no time between climaxes in which she doesn't ache.
But...
Seraphina "Kfff!? I just came now, though... Nahhh..."
She feels her cunt burn. The burning pulsates while getting bigger, and her body aches for it from within.
Her refractory periods continue to shrink.
The more she drinks the thirstier she becomes.
Seraphina "No... Aughhh, ghhh, uhhh... nghhhh, nghh, hahhh, ahhh... kfff, hahh, ngh, hahhh..."
She crouches down and holds her stomach.
Her mouth waters uncontrollably. She can feel it running down her throat as she swallows.
But this will never satisfy her. What she wants is not this. She wants sticky cum in her throat...
Seraphina "Hnn!? I can't... What am I thinking? Hnn... hah... This is... ahhh..."
She holds herself up by putting her hands on the table next to her.
Her cunt is throbbing with the desire to be fucked.
She knows she is wet without even touching herself.
Seraphina "Hahhhh, nghhh, hahh... Please... end this already... Kfff, ngh, ahhhh..."
She looks down at herself with fear and resentment.
Her cunt is lubed and warm, and without knowing it, no one could guess that she is with child.
But she knows she is incubating a demon child.
She can see its influence on her, slowly making her hornier and hornier.
She was able to suppress it at first.
But after each time she was literally showered in cum, the lust got harder and harder to silence.
Seraphina "Hahh, hahh, nghh... hahhh... I have to endure... Hahhh, hahh... Ngh, ahhh... But for how long...?"
She wonders how much longer this torture will last.
She has no power left. And she wasted the escape Iris afforded her.
She can't expect any help from anyone.
Seraphina "Hn... It's... too late... I can't... Not anymore..."
Seraphina "Hnn!? N-No! Ahh... What am I...? Hn!"
She shakes her head in dismay as she feels her world spin.
She has been tasked with saving the world from danger.
And now she will drown in pleasure.
Her excuses continue to twist in her heart.
Raymond "Oh, Lady Seraphina! You seem well today. Praise be!"
Seraphina "Ahhh, ngh... nah, hahh, hahh... nghhh..."
After a moment, she turns her lustful gaze to Raymond.
She is enveloped in unbearable heat. She feels it like a swarm of bugs under her skin.
Most of all her cunt aches. She just wants to jill off already.
She is holding back in his presence, but just the pressure of her thighs pains her.
The nectar of her cunt dribbles out with a sticky sound.
Raymond "Forgive my tardiness, there was much to prepare for today's ceremony."
Seraphina "Ah... Ceremony...? Ngh, hahh, hahh, hahhh..."
She knows it is just more of his heathen rites.
Recalling all the acts she has been subjected to thus far makes her sick.
Her mouth waters, and her cunt dribbles.
Seraphina (No... No, not today... If... today... I'll be lost forever... I'm sure...)
Her cunt has been stretched so much that her womb aches.
It's visibly undulating, seeking out cock.
Should it find its prey, it would surely cost Seraphina her very self.
She sees this clearly in her mind.
Seraphina (Today... I must... persevere...)
The simplest rationale makes her gasp for breath, even remembering her mission causes her pain.
Then another voice swallows up her own.
Seraphina (But... I've endured so much... I can just give in... for some brief relief...)
Seraphina (Besides... when it's all over... I'll be myself again...)
Seraphina (So... for now... I'll do just a bit...)
She hears her voice of reason get snuffed out.
It's made mute by her voice of lust.
Raymond "Come, Lady Seraphina! We go!"
Seraphina "Hnn... ahh... hah... hah... Yes... Hnn..."
She nods slightly as Raymond reaches out.
Her body trembles with tremors of fear and anticipation.
#04_ser012h_ser08
Seraphina "Nahhh, hahh, nghhh... Why are you...? Hnn, uh, uhhh... hnn..."
Placed on the altar of the temple and with her legs spread open, Seraphina moans in shame.
Seraphina was certain she was going to be raped again today and her fears are confirmed by the crotches of the males around her.
But it is not just that. Derek is here as well.
Derek "I've heard so much and been made promises for today's spectacle. Today I want to show Iris as well."
Seraphina "Khh... How... could you...! Ahh... hnn..."
His words ignite her anger.
Contrary to her heart's rage, her cunt aches just from imagining what is going to happen.
The juices from her slit spill onto the podium.
Derek "Fret not. Iris's legs also open easily now. You're going to get far closer than you had before."
Seraphina "Hahhh, ngh, ahhh... Iris... Nghhh, uhh... hnn..."
Panting for breath, Seraphina stares at Derek, but she doesn't notice that her legs are still open.
She is haunted by the image of her failed escape with Iris and what she did in the forest. Now she and Iris are both showing each other their wet pussies.
Seraphina (Ahh... How have I been so corrupted? I'm even having fantasies... of defiling Iris... Hnn... hhh... But... But...)
Derek "Perhaps I will let you see her again later. But I know Raymond has special plans for you today."
As Derek smiles, Raymond nods with a deep smile on his face.
As if on cue, a well-trained wicked youth steps forward to Seraphina.
Seraphina "Ahh... uhh... ahh... hnn... Oh, please..."
She doesn't even know what she's asking for.
She doesn't think she wants a man close or to be raped.
But her eyes won't leave his erect cock, and her mouth waters with anticipation.
Seraphina "I... Hnn... I..."
Her voice trembles as he parts her legs further.
Seraphina "Augh, ngh, hnn... nghhhhhh... hnn! Ah, ahhh, it's hot... hahhhhhh!"
Then he suddenly begins raping her with swift motions.
Burning pleasure rushes through her whole body from her cunt.
Seraphina (Ahhhhh, I don't want... to moan! I don't want somebody to hear that... Nghh, kfffff...)
Before coming here, she already admitted to herself that pleasure was inevitable.
But she didn't expect Derek to be here.
Seraphina can't let herself give in while she's in front of Derek, so she fights against the pleasure entering her.
She bites her lip to stave off the pleasure that now sweeps through her legs.
Yet her cunt burns hotter as the youth ravages her.
Seraphina "Nghhhhhh...! Hghhh, khnghhhh...! Ungh, nghhh, kahhhh, ahhh, hhhhhhh!"
As if sensing Seraphina's elation, the youth's rhythm intensifies.
The splatting sounds coming from her cunt and her pained pants are the only sounds in this quiet temple.
Seraphina "Nghh, nghhhhh... nah, hahh, ungh, nah! Ah, ahhh, no, ah, ahhh, I must endure this!"
Seraphina's teary eyes meet Derek's mocking stare.
Her womb aches and stretches.
Seraphina "Ahhh, augh, ungh, nahhhh! Aughhhh, no, I can't take it any longer!"
The folds of her cunt tingle as she is fucked deep into her cervix.
Her back arches intensely from the force.
Seraphina "Nahhhhhhhh! Ahhh, hahhhhhhhh! I'm cumming, ahhh! I'm cumming! Ungh, ungh, nahhhhhhh!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Gshhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Khnghhhhhh! I'm cumming! Ahhh, ahhhhhhhh! From this jizz shooting inside me!"
Embedded all the way to its base, the cock pulsates strongly inside her cunt, releasing a burst of jizz into Seraphina's body.
As Seraphina is pushed to greater heights by the heat, her uterus pulses with an especially strong throb.
Her heart racing, Seraphina's body experiences a momentary sense of levitation as he thrusts her into the air.
Seraphina "Nahhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhh!? I'm falling! I'm falling as I cum!"
As her naked body convulses so hard that it bounces, Seraphina shows herself climaxing.
Derek "I can tell you're maturing. You've got all the signs of progress."
Seraphina "Hhh, hghhh, uhhh... I... Ngh, I..."
As the youth pulls out his cock, the white fluid flows back with a splat.
As Derek laughs at her, Seraphina's cheeks burn with shame. It is too much for her to insist that she has not climaxed.
She searches for some excuse.
Seraphina "Hnnnggg!? Hnnnmm... khh... ah!? What in the world...? Hnn!?"
A creaking pain suddenly burns in her lower abdomen.
She grunts as her face distorts and the pain grows.
Raymond "Hoooh! Finally! At last!"
Seraphina "What... are you saying?"
Seraphina turns to the sound of Raymond's excited voice.
She feels pain as her womb pulsates. It is visible from outside her flesh.
Then...
Seraphina "Nghhhhh....!? Hghhhh, gnghhhh, nghhhh... nghhhhh, hnghhhhhhhhh!"
The sound of sheering and tearing meat fills the chamber. She shivers and quivers as she feels her body being torn from within.
Seraphina "Hhhh, hhhh, nghhhh... N-No way...! Aghhhhh, ungh, nghhhhh...! Nahhh, hahhh, no way! Ghhhh!"
Her uterus swells with a creaking sound. Pressed by her uterus, her belly swells from the inside.
She breaks out in a cold sweat as she clenches her teeth.
Seraphina "Khhhhhh, hghhh, nghhhh, ghhhhh... khnghhhhhhh!!"
Seraphina "Naaah, hahh, ngh... hahh... nahh... hahh... ahh... No way... Haahhh..."
Seraphina is in disbelief as she stares at her own stomach.
Until now it had been flat, but now it is swollen and bloated.
She can even feel the entity move in her womb.
Seraphina "N-No... Why...? What is...?"
Seraphina fearfully reaches a finger toward her belly.
She quickly draws back her hand when she feels her inverted navel.
Seraphina "No, no it can't be. That's not possible."
Raymond "Hooh! Splendid! The time is at hand! We receive you, oh, Divine Child! Everyone! Praise be to the Lord! Let us aid Lady Seraphina by pouring in our spirits!"
Seraphina "Hehnn? That's... impossible! This... hmm... can't be real! Naah... No... hnn... this is..."
She was aware that she was incubating the demon seed, but she couldn't have imagined she'd birth it so soon.
Unable to hide her horror at her distended belly, Seraphina's gaze wanders as if looking for help.
But all that Seraphina see is Derek's mocking smirk.
Seraphina "Nghhhh, hahhhhhh... I... Hnn, ngh, hahh, hahh, ahhh... ahhhh..."
She could never ask Derek for help.
In terror, she clings to her last scraps of mental fortitude, and another man approaches.
Seraphina "Hahh, ahh, ahh... Please... Enough... already..."
Seraphina "Hnnngg... kffhh... hnn! Uhhnn... naahh... ahh... hahh... hnnngg!"
As her uterus expands, the opening of her cunt is pushed down and narrows.
The man plunges his cock into her swollen womb.
Seraphina "Nghhhh, hnnn, hhh, hghhhh...! Hahhh, ahhh, no... I can't, ah, ah, ahhh, believe this..."
It is terrifying yet pleasurable.
She can feel the shape of the cock in her cunt more clearly than ever before. The heat, hardness, and lust are transmitted through the folds of her cunt as if she'd taken it in her hands.
Her womb and the spawn within both tremble with glee.
The joy is transmitted to Seraphina as pleasure.
Half unconsciously, her folds contract and tighten around the cock.
As if on cue, he thrusts harder.
Seraphina "Hahhnnhh! Naahh... ahhh!!"
The shock that shakes her uterus causes pleasure to explode all the way up to the top of her head.
She squeals with pleasure as she bends atop the altar.
Seraphina "No! No, stop! Please! Naahh... hnnngg... naahh... ahh... Please... don't make it feel good... Hnnn!"
Seraphina "Naahh... hyahh... hnn! Ahh... ahh... No... Hnn... naahh... hnngg... khh... hnn!"
She begs as the cock pummels her from within.
A huge amount of Seraphina's juices shoot out of her along with this first load of cum, creating a large puddle on the altar.
Raymond "Hoooh! How splendid! I can feel it, Lady Seraphina! I can sense your arousal! Yes! Just like that!"
Raymond "Now we shall all share in her pleasure!"
At Raymond's command, the surrounding cocks are taken into their owner's hands.
The masculine musk inundates Seraphina, enveloping her in the musky scent. The lewd aroma penetrates her nostrils, filling her skull.
Seraphina "No! Stop! Hyaahh... hnngg... naah! Haahh... I don't want... to cum!"
Regardless of her protest, she still feels the pleasure of the cock plowing her cunt.
She understands the fiend within her feeds on their spunk.
That's what makes it so horrifying and unbearable.
Despite that, her heart wishes for the terrifying pain and horror of having her belly expand. Those desires grow bigger and bigger.
Seraphina "No, nahhh, not that...! Hahhh, nahhh, I-I... don't want that, though! No, ah, ahhhhhh!"
The momentum makes her limbs flail as his cock rams into her womb.
An intense pleasure turns into an electric current, causing Seraphina's body to go numb along with her brain.
Seraphina "No! No! No! Ahhh! Nooooo! Stop! Enough!"
Her cervix dilates, sucking in the head of his cock.
As the lining of her pussy rubs against his cock, Seraphina lifts her hips and screams loudly.
In and out of her, all the cocks are throbbing.
Spllllrrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhh, bshhhhh! Gshhhh, gshhhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Ahh... I'm cumming! There's so much cum! I'm cumming from it! Uhhh!"
Pshhh! Pshhhhhhhhhhhh!")
As she is being creampied to the point of it flowing back out from her twat's opening, she is showered with jizz. It goes all over her face and tits without any regard. She squirts and screams in orgasm.
Her body feels as if it's lifted up all at once, and then the sensation of the body melts away and disappears.
In the midst of it all, only the uterus is emitting a strong heat.
Seraphina "Naahhh! Enough already! I'm going to... cum again! Even though I shouldn't! I-I-I...!"
Seraphina "Hahhhhhhhhhh! Nahhhh, ahhhhhhhh... I'm cumming!!!"
The uterus is pulsing, and it begins to swell even larger.
Seraphina screams again in climax.
Seraphina "Nahhh...!? Hahh, haghhh, kffff... hnn! Nah, ah, ahh... hnn, this... again...? Hnn, nghh, nghhhh... hnn..."
Without even having time to bask in the afterglow of her climax, a sharp and intense pain stabs through her cunt.
She grimaces so much that it seems like she could cry at any moment and looks down at her lower abdomen.
It spasms as if there is some other living creature in her.
Raymond "Lo, and behold! All ye faithful, give witness! The Divine Child comes!"
Raymond trembles with joy and prays.
As if responding to the sound, Seraphina's stomach throbs heavily again.
Skree... keeekh... bannh... hnn!")
Seraphina "Hnnnnggg! Uhhnnn... hnngg... ghh... hnnn... hahh... hnnnggg... hnkh... uhhh!!"
Unable to keep up with the sudden expansion of her uterus, the sound of the muscle fibers in her lower abdomen tearing is audible.
Seraphina's belly grows bigger while she looks at it.
Seraphina "Nghhhhhh... hhh, nghhhh, hhh, hahhh... hahhhhhhhhh!"
Pushing from the inside, a small hand-print rises from her stomach with a stretching sound.
Due to the horror of it all and the pain that feels like her stomach is about to be ripped apart from the inside, Seraphina's eyes drip with tears out of her control.
She is drowning in a sea of fear.
Seraphina (Ahhhh, but why...!? I, ngh, ah... I feel... pain and fear... Ahhh, I can't take it!)
Seraphina "Ahhh! Hhhh... uhhh!"
Her belly creaks and swells greatly.
The sensation overtakes Seraphina, causing her to moan like she is climaxing, and she sprays breast milk as if it were a testament to her pregnancy.
Seraphina "Hfffff, nghhh, kffff, hhh, nghhh, nghhh, hahhh... nghhhh, nahhh, hahh, hahh, hahh, ngh, ah, ahh... My... My belly..."
With trembling hands, she touches her even larger stomach.
It seems to have a breath of its own.
Seraphina "Hnn, I... Ah, hahh... pah... pahhh, ngh, kfff, nahh, hah, hahh..."
Her stomach is also being compressed, causing a rising sense of nausea.
The sourness of her gastric juice spreads in her mouth, and it is likely to spray forth at any moment.
Seraphina (Ahh... This is it... I lay broken upon the altar of fell gods... Nghhh, ahhh... Am I already breaking...?)
While the feeling of nausea is strong, there is also a sensation like floating in water.
It feels like she is dreaming while awake. She starts to doubt whether this is really happening in reality.
A man arrives in front of Seraphina, teaching her the nature of her new reality.
Seraphina "Hhh...! Nghhh, kfff... nghhh, hahh, hahh, ahhh... That's... ahhh..."
The moment she catches sight of the object towering between Derek's legs, her chest pounds strongly.
His cock is long enough to touch her stomach. It is huge with prominent veins. It is so thick that even Seraphina's hands cannot grasp around its girth.
Derek "It's been an age since I broke your hymen. As a confirmation of how much more womanly you've become, I'll finish you off."
Seraphina "Uh... ahh... Wait... Please wait... I can't take... something that big... I... I... Hnn..."
Derek "Come on, taste it."
Seraphina "Hnnn!? Hahh... hahhh... hnngg... ahh... aaahhhh!"
As if to say that her deflowering was nothing, Derek's giant cock tears her flesh as it enters her.
He forces her tight pussy agape, causing it to burn with heat.
Seraphina "Kffff... hnn! Ah, aghhh, hahh, haghhh... nghhhh, khhh, uhhhh... It's big...! This big cock... is going... to reach deep inside me...!?"
Seraphina "Hahhhhhhh! Agh, ahhhhhhh! Hhhh, unghhh, nghhhhhhhhh!"
With a shock that makes her feel like her entire body has been penetrated, she is pushed to climax in a single stroke.
Then he begins to thrust.
Seraphina "Khhhhhhh! Ungh, nghhhhhh! Ahhh, aghhh, ahhhhhh! I'm cumming... though!"
Derek "What do you think? Does your pregnant cunt need more?"
Seraphina "Kyaahh! Haaahh... ghhnn... oooh! Oh, my stomach... Ahh... hahh... hyaaahhh!"
Derek's cock is, of course, overwhelming in length. He fucks her mercilessly with a momentum that pierces her womb as she falls back down after each pounding.
Each thrust hits her with a shock that reverberates throughout all her internal organs, and Seraphina's consciousness begins to swirl and be engulfed by the sensations.
Seraphina "Khh... kahhf... ahh! Uhh... ahh... hahhh! In my... stomach! Inside me! Inside my stomach! Hnnnn... hnnn!"
The demon that has rapidly grown seems to be dancing in delight inside Seraphina's uterus in response to Derek's thrusts.
Each thrust makes her feel as though her very flesh might explode.
Seraphina "Nghhhhh! Khnghhhhh! Nahhhh, ahhh, hahhhh! I can't take it any longer! Me too!"
Derek "I thought your cunt would be more useful by now. Is this all you've got for me?"
Seraphina "Khnghhhhh, anghhhhhhh, anghhhhhh! I'm sorry! Hghhh, ahhhhh! My cunt!"
His merciless thrusts don't allow her to come down from her climax and cause her consciousness to fade away as if she's whiting out.
In the midst of it all, she follows Derek's words. They come to her like a divine revelation, and she twists her hips and tightens her twat in a frenzy.
Derek "Yes, you can do it. Keep it tight. If you do, I'll give you a reward."
Seraphina "Nahhhh, ahhh, aghhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh! Yes, yes, a prize! I want a prize! I want it!"
Even as her fading consciousness becomes more and more distant, she can clearly understand that the reward will be fresh jizz.
She wants it. She wants Derek to pour copious amounts of jizz into her until her greatly swollen belly bursts.
Baring her primal instincts, Seraphina tightly clings to Derek's cock by squeezing her hot, swollen folds of flesh around it.
Derek "Do you want my seed so badly?"
Seraphina "I want it! Haahh... All the cum! I want it! Give it to me! Cum in my pregnant elf cunt!"
Truly becoming a whore, she eagerly throws out vulgar language and flatters his male ego.
Seeing Seraphina like this truly makes Derek hot.
Derek "Very well. If you desire it so I shall pump you to the point of bursting!"
Seraphina "Yes! Yes! Give it to me! Cum for me! Fill me with your seed! I want it in my preggo cunt!"
In response to Seraphina's madness of lewdness, the creature dwelling inside her uterus pulsates greatly.
Feeling the vibration on the head of his cock, his rhythm accelerates rapidly.
Seraphina "Waaaahh! I'm breaking! My elven cunt is breaking! Fuck me to death with that cock!"
Derek "Heh, as you wish. I'll plow straight through you!"
Seraphina "Hngyaaaahhh!"
With a powerful thrust that distorts her heavy uterus, Seraphina's entire body convulses, and she screams in agony.
The large, swollen head of his cock is forcefully prying open her cervix.
Then...
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhh, gshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Kyaaahh... hnngg... khhh... ooohh! Ohhh... oooh! Ohhh... hnnn... haaaaoooohh!"
An overwhelming torrent of milky spunk assaults Seraphina's uterus as if it could sweep away her entire body.
Overwhelmed by the immense rush of milky white cum, Seraphina becomes nothing but a lascivious, moaning breeding mare.
Seraphina "Hooohhh... ahhh... hnnnnn! Hnnng... hhh... hnnnngg... uhhh! There's so much... cum! Hnn... hyaaahh!"
Spllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhh! Gshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Hyaaahhh! Haaahhhnnn! Really!? Heehnnn! Is this for real!? Hnnnn... kyaaaahhh!"
Her hair is in disarray, saliva scatters around, and she screams louder than ever before as she reaches her climax.
With each thrust of his hips, Derek goes deeper and deeper. He continues to pour his seed into Seraphina's uterus as she convulses in ecstasy.
However, this is not the end.
Seraphina "Hnnngg! Gyaahh! Hnnngg... uhhnn! Hmmmff! Nhwaaaaahh!!"
Her uterus is filled with copious amounts of white jizz. It now rapidly swells again. Seraphina's once smooth belly is now bulging to the point where it seems like it might burst.
Seraphina "Kuhh... hehh... nhhh... hnn! Hehhf... hh... khf... uhh... hhh... hmmm... hnkh... haah... hahh... hnngg... hnn!"
She tries to exhale deeply through her clenched teeth, hoping to alleviate even a little bit of the pain.
The small hand within her belly can be seen groping as if in search of something. The hand presses against the inside of her stomach, slowly moving down.
Seraphina "Hnnngg! Aggghh... kahh... pyaaaahh! Hnnngg... khhh... ahh... Enough!"
The pain of having something claw and stir around inside her belly causes Seraphina to drip with sweat.
The pain in her stomach is so intense that it causes her entire body to convulse in agony.
As she comes to, Seraphina realizes that she has been deeply inhaling in an attempt to expel the pain from within her body.
Seraphina "Hnngg... hnkh... gahh... hmmff... hhh... hnnn... uhhhh!"
With veins bulging in her temples, she exerts all her strength to push the pain out of her body.
At that moment, a sensation as if something is slipping out of her stomach occurs.
Seraphina "Nhyaaahhh!? Hyahh... hahh... hnnn... ahhh... ahhh... kfhh... hnn... khh... hnkh... hmph..."
Tentacles shoot out from her cunt with a slimy sound.
The tentacles wriggle and squirm rather than human hands, feet, or head, and they try to pull themselves out of Seraphina's slit.
Seraphina "Hehhh... hhh... hmmff... hhh... naahh... hahh... ahhh... That's... Hnn!?"
The shocking scene in front of her and the increasing pain in her belly force Seraphina to open her eyes wide.
She is in disbelief.
The pain, which is like her pussy is being torn apart, and the sensation of the wriggling tentacles are undoubtedly real.
Seraphina "Hnnnggg! Hnkh... uhhh! Hmmmff... ahh... My... hmm... My stomach... Gahh!"
A hot pain like a burning iron rod is thrust and pumped inside her cunt.
It is clear that it is forcing its way out of her uterus, prying open her vaginal canal inch by inch.
Seraphina "Hhh, hghhhh, kmfff, mmmmmm...! Uh, I'm giving birth...! I, mm... am giving birth!"
The last remaining shred of her rationality sends a strong warning to Seraphina.
But it is too late.
The wriggling tentacles use Seraphina's groin as a foothold and begin to pull out independently.
Shllllllllk! Shlllllllk! Shllllllllllllllk!")
Seraphina "Hnnyaaah! Hnnggg... hnngg... ahhhh! Hnngg... hahh... haaahhh!"
The slimy tentacles wriggle out of her cunt with audibly wet sounds.
Seraphina shouts as if she is reaching climax again.
The tentacles flail like beached fish.
Seraphina is now completely frantic, desperately straining her lower abdomen and pushing with all her might to expel the wretchedness from within.
Splllllrrrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhh! Glchhhhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Ahh... hahh... ahhh! I'm giving birth! Hmmmmmm!!"
Seraphina "Hmmmf... ahh... hahh... hah... hahh... hehhh..."
After finishing the strenuous work of giving birth, Seraphina is completely exhausted both physically and mentally. Her eyes lose focus, and she stares blankly into space without seeing anything in particular.
Her cunt is covered in muck.
Monster "Hnn... hnnnggg... gyaaahh... hnnggg!"
The baby resembles a scylla, a creature with a human upper body and tentacles for a lower body. It's curled in a ball and crying.
The wriggling tentacles seem to be seeking their mother.
Raymond "Oooh... ooooohhh! Behold! The Divine Child! The promise of eternal peace is at hand! Praise the lord!!"
Raymond is offering prayers fervently while his followers are also praying to their god with the same devotion.
Monster "Hnn... hnnnggg... gyaaahh!"
Seraphina "Hnn... hahh... naahh... ahh..."
A smile appears on Seraphina's hollow face in response to the lively cries of the Divine Child.
While watching the scene, Derek also laughs with a twist in his mouth.
Derek "Well... Now I have your power in my grasp, Seraphina."
Derek is now one step closer to supreme power.
In front of the shell of a woman that was once Seraphina, Derek's smile deepens.
............
......
...
#04_ser013
A few days later...
Derek "This is the crystal."
Raymond "Yes, and now, if you would be so kind, Derek."
Raymond brought him a box with a small stone placed inside it.
Of course, this is not just any crystal.
The crystal holds the power of the goddess, extracted from the Divine Child that Seraphina gave birth to.
If that power is real, it should be able to suppress the power of dark beings.
Derek "And? Now what? What will become of Seraphina?"
Raymond "The child still naturally clings to its mother. It is a precious sight to behold... Praise be to the lord."
Raymond sheds a tear as he prays to his god.
Derek seems to sarcastically placate Raymond.
Raymond preaches that the child will be a beacon of peace and illumination for the world with age.
Of course, Derek does not believe in that.
After all, it is just an imitation born from Seraphina being impregnated by a dark creature.
And even if the prophecy is true, Derek only cares about how the child can benefit him.
He takes pride in being lord of this Service Nation.
Derek (The child may live as long as it is useful... Otherwise...)
Derek will cut down anything that gets in his way, whether it is divine or not.
Derek has ruthless calculations behind his cunning smile.
#04_ser013h_ser09
A few days later...
Far below the guardhouse where Derek resides...
In the underground of the castle of the Service Nation, there are long, deep, and intricate passageways that continue like a labyrinth. Numerous underground cells are connected to each other there.
Those who resist the system, such as political prisoners and rebels, are chained in cold cells without sunlight.
Amidst the dark corridors, a cheerful voice echoes out of place...
Seraphina "Ahh... hnn... ahh... haaah!"
In a cell of the underground prison, Seraphina is gasping in pleasure as she is enveloped by thick, slimy tentacles.
Moreover, she even writhes in pleasure and voices out sounds similar to that of an infant, demanding more of the tentacles.
Seraphina "Hyahnn... ahhnn... hmmmff... More... Hnn... More... Please... Hnnn..."
Scylla "Kyahahaha! Ahh... hahh, hah!"
The image of a girl covering Seraphina appears in the bonfire of the prison.
The lower half of the body is a swarm of tentacles while the upper half is a deformed Elf.
She is the girl whom Seraphina gave birth to and whom Raymond reveres as the divine child.
Of course, she doesn't possess any power befitting the name of Divine Child. She is nothing but a monster.
However, for Seraphina, it is an important partner that brings her pleasure.
Seraphina "Hyaah... Oh, your tentacles... feel so good on my tits."
Seraphina "Nahhhh, nahhhh, cock is good too... Hahhh, nghhh, nghhhh... I love cock... Hnghhh, anghhh!"
Between Scylla's legs, there is a thick dick that is clearly different from the tentacles.
As she rubs the cock on Seraphina's slit, Seraphina grinds back.
The mix of pussy juice and tentacle slime splatters on the floor.
Seraphina "Ahh... hnnn... I love your dick... Hmmm... uhhnn... hahnn..."
With a lisp, Seraphina begs the demon girl, her own daughter, to penetrate her.
All the grace that once resided in Seraphina's eyes has vanished completely.
Seraphina's body shakes with desire for cock just like an infant begging for her mother's milk.
Scylla laughs sadistically at such a mother's figure.
Scylla "Kyahahaha! Kyahah!"
Splllrrrt! Gshhh... gshhhhhh!!")
Seraphina "Hnn... khhh! Uhhh!"
Scylla "Hahhh... hnnn! Hyaahh!"
The mother and her deformed daughter look up at the ceiling and let loose a high and winsome cry as one.
After being teased by her daughter, the mother's pussy envelops her cock with its wet folds.
Seraphina "Oh, I feel your dick inside me! Hnghhhhhh! Ahhhh, hahhh, ahhhhhh, ahhhh, ahhhhh, it's so deep, nghhhhhh!"
She feels her daughter pierce her deepest nethers.
Seraphina raises her face and moans in satisfaction.
But this is not the end.
Glkkk! Mlchhhh! Shlllllk!")
Seraphina "Hnnngg!? Ahh... hah... hnngg... ghh... naahh... ahhh!"
A fist-sized cock dives into her cervix.
In shock, Seraphina screams as her saliva bubbles out of her mouth.
Seraphina "Naaahh! Hyaaahh! Kyaahh! I feel your dick in my womb! Uhhh!"
Scylla "Kyukehehehe! Kyaahahahaah!"
With a happy laugh, the Scylla pushes and rubs the inside of the womb that once housed her.
The head of her cock is visible through Seraphina's abs.
The scylla looks down and thrusts more vigorously.
Glchhh... glchhhhh! Shlllllllk!!")
Seraphina "Nhyaaah!? Hnn... hnnggg... ahhh!"
When the scylla pulls her hips back, the wide head of her cock pulls on Seraphina's cervix.
When the cock is pulled from her, she is hit with a shock like her womb itself is being pulled from her.
Seraphina "Hoohh... ohhh! My womb is----! Ahh... haahh!"
Scylla "Kyahahaha! Kyahah!"
Shllllllp! Glkkkkkkkk!!")
Seraphina "Hnnggyaah!? Hkyaaahh... ooohh! Hah... I feel your dick in my womb!"
The scylla fucks Seraphina's womb harder.
Feeling her organs contort to the shape of her cock, Seraphina bends back and screams.
Seraphina writhes on the floor, the back of her head scraping against the floor, and several tentacles entangle her body, preventing her from escaping.
The scylla thrusts her hips heavily and forcefully, and with her bulging cock, she violently penetrates Seraphina's cunt and uterus.
Seraphina "Hnnn... hnnn... hyaaahh... That's... my womb! I feel your dick in my womb! Hyaaaaaaaah!"
Seraphina screams out in climax each time her gaping cervix is gouged by the elongated head of her daughter's cock.
Not only her cunt but also her uterus repeatedly contract, trying to push and grind on the cock as it forces itself in and out.
As if to push back, Scylla's thrusting intensifies.
Seraphina "Hnnggg... ghn... hnkh! Enough already... No more... I'm cumming! With the whole of my cunt, I'm cumming!"
Seraphina "Naahh... ahh... You're making me cum! Pump me full of your cum!"
She takes a blow that penetrates her uterus, and a white flash flickers in her field of vision.
In an instant, Seraphina is overwhelmed by a floating sensation as if her internal organs are rising up, and she struggles to cling to her daughter, flailing her tentacle-restrained limbs.
Seraphina "Hehh... hyahh! Please I can't... No more... Hnnn!"
Scylla "Ahahah! Ahaha! Ahahahahahah!"
Seraphina "Hnngg... ahhh! Hnnngg... khh... ahhh!"
The scylla's cock pokes through to the skin of Seraphina's abdomen.
The scylla fucks Seraphina's womb with enough force to tear through her abdomen.
Seraphina "Kfffffff, hahh, aghhhhhhhhh! I can't take it any longer! Shoot your load soon!"
Scylla "Kuhahah! Hnkh... uhh!"
The scylla's hips quiver strongly as she slams her cock into Seraphina's womb.
Splllllrrrrrrt, bshhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Naaahhh! You're cumming! Jizz is firing into my womb!"
Seraphina cums at once when she feels her daughter's cum inside her.
Her cunt clings and clamps onto her thick cock.
The scylla's cock throbs as it spews its cum into Seraphina's womb.
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhh, bshhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Hhhhhhh, ah, ahhhhhhhh! I'm cumming again! I'm cumming from your jizz! I can't stop!"
Scylla "Khh... hnnn! Hahaha!"
She thrusts her cock so that it is all the way inside Seraphina.
Seraphina feels the head of her daughter's cock in her womb along with its jizz.
Their two bodies tremble at the same time.
Splllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Kffffffffff! Anghhhh, hahhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhh, I'm cumming... I'm cumming!!"
Her raging cock continues to erupt with jizz like a broken faucet.
The continuous ejaculation that fills her womb makes Seraphina drunk with pleasure.
Seraphina "Ahhhhh... hahhh, hahhh... hahh, hahhh... nah, ngh... My belly is hot..."
Drool dripping from her mouth, Seraphina mumbles in rapture.
Her daughter's cock is still hard inside her.
Seraphina "Hahh... hah... hahhhh... hnn... ahhh..."
Seraphina strokes her belly and can feel her daughter's thick cock with her fingertips, breathing happily.
Her entire lower abdomen feels like it's filled with cock, making it unbearably pleasant.
However, something is still missing. Something is lacking.
Seraphina feels that something is missing, and she moves her gaze as if searching for that missing something.
Seraphina "Iris...?"
Scylla "Hnn?"
The scylla tilts her head at the words that suddenly come from Seraphina.
She herself doesn't understand the meaning of what she said. She just feels something that's bothering her deep inside.
At the same time, her daughter's cock throbs within her.
Seraphina laughs happily at the cock as it regains its hardness and heat, but it is even greater than before.
Seraphina "Hmmmff... Alright, once more... It's such a good dick..."
Scylla "Kyahahaha!"
Seraphina "I love that cock! I love you!"
Seraphina gasps as her eyes shine with lust.
The legendary high elf was said to save the people of the world when it was faced with danger. She would do the work of the Goddess.
That image has been completely dismantled.
Seraphina was once a pious beauty, but she has been consumed by lust, and all of her ideals have been washed away by pleasure.
Seraphina's wish to bring peace to the world never came true.
But Seraphina herself has obtained the blissful pleasure of being given as much pleasure as she desires in the depths of this land.
#05_har001
It has been a year since Derek Rondo took the throne.
The Service Nation has annexed the surrounding small countries.
Many of Derek's policies are harsh, but they followed some logic and brought about profits.
Perhaps because of that...
The Service Nation has fallen deeper into a spiral of pleasure, and many more drowning in lust have appeared.
And at the same time, this has led to many ambitious people ready to ride the waves of this prosperous trend.
Traveler "It's bigger than I heard... This is the Service Nation...?"
A huge fortress of a city appears suddenly from the wilderness.
The city is surrounded by tall walls that soar into the sky. The darkness of the sky matches the rest of the city. It's like a magical place from a fairy tale.
Looking up at the majesty, his body trembles.
Traveler "I'm not nervous. This is just the shuddering a man gets before a battle. Yeah..."
He isn't speaking to anybody, though.
He is a thirty-year-old man. He has heard rumors of the Service Nation and has come to seek his fortunes.
Of course, he had heard stories of the Service Nation before.
A country of lust where you can fuck any girl no matter the price.
It is also an immoral country, rumored to attack villages and kidnap women.
After the ruler of the Service Nation switched, it seemed like a good opportunity.
It is dangerous, but if he succeeds, it will be a great boon.
He looks up at the capital from afar.
Traveler "I'll do it... I will make a name for myself in the Service Nation...!"
He renews his determination and grips her fist tightly.
And so, he begins to walk once again to the city along the road with the goal of making a historic first step into the Service Nation.
Traveler "However, there are so many people everywhere..."
After reaching the capital's plaza, letting out an exhausted sigh.
He cannot deny that he is from a small country.
However, considering the current liveliness, it is undeniable that there are more people gathered here than if all of the people of his country gathered in one place.
Moreover, today there is no festival or anything else going on.
Traveler "Moreover... there really are a lot of beautiful women..."
He looks around the town square with his jaw slack in awe.
There are clearly many beautiful women visible from just a look. Just coming here, he sees so many beautiful women that it causes him to blink in shock.
Beautiful women are waving him over to their shops. He feels pain in his heart when he has to deny them. Just thinking about it makes him want to turn around even now. It's like a tugging on his hair.
Traveler "No, no, no, I can't! I have money, but I didn't come here to play around! This is important investment capital!"
He adopts a nonchalant attitude and rubs his pockets.
He had really pushed himself to gather cash, so his wallet is fairly full.
He can't just waste it. He can buy girls after he's succeeded in business.
When he thinks about that, a cheerful voice comes from the center of the town square.
Man A "Hey, they came!"
Man B "We were waiting."
Whistles come from the men calling out to him.
The men in the town square all crowd around as though drawn in by those voices.
Traveler "What in the world is happening? But when I look at all of their faces..."
They all smile vulgarly right away.
He can imagine what could be happening in a place like the Service Nation.
Traveler "Hnn... It's okay to look a l-little closer. It's important to confirm what is popular in this city."
He voices excuses as he follows the rest of the people to the center of the town square.
#05_har002h_har04
Announcer "Everyone, sorry for making you wait! The girl's acting in this wager are these four honored whores of the Service Nation!"
Audience "Wooooooooooooo!!!"
The announcer's voice is met with excited cheers from the crowd. Four beautiful women are lined up on a special stage.
All of them are a beauty that can rival the most beautiful woman in any other country.
The beautiful women are exposing their naked bodies. Their legs are wide open exposing even the parts of them that should be the most hidden.
Iris (Ahhhh... nghhh, everyone's eyes are staring at my cunt with a glitter in them... Kfff, ah, ahhh... It's like they're looking deep within me...!)
Iris's legs are wide open in front of the excited masses. Her hips thrust forward.
Her naked body trembles, juices dripping from her relaxed slit.
It is the same for the other three girls. Luka, Mistiora, and Ladomira are all blushing like they're drunk due to the gazes of the men, smiling expectantly.
Announcer "Then, II think all of you already know this, but allow our competitors to introduce themselves! Starting with competitor number one----!"
Luka "I'm Luka... Hahaha, as you can see, I'm a half-elf. Normally, I'm Lord Derek's sex slave..."
Luka "Today, I'll do my best on behalf of Lord Derek. Everyone, look forward to it..."
Luka doesn't hide her excitement. She shakes her hips from side to side to flaunt her form.
She clenches her slippery loins.
Her slit is already parted, and beneath it, her asshole has also slowly started to open.
Luka "I've often been praised for having a nice asshole. Everyone, if you get the chance, please give it a try, okay?"
Luka's asshole puckers in and out as she speaks. The audience in the town square meets this action with cheers.
Announcer "Yes, Luka, thank you! Now competitor number two, go ahead!"
Iris "I am Iris Arcadia. I am a cheeky bitch from the Holy Kingdom of Aurelia. I was the general in charge of their army."
Iris "But Lord Derek has taught me how wonderful it is to pleasure cocks, and now I work as a whore in the Service Nation..."
Iris smiles alluringly as she speaks. Her body then twists flirtatiously.
Her soft breasts sway, pulling in the gaze of those around her, and she pushes her hips forward asking to be looked at.
Her pussy has been wet and open for a while, juices continuing to drip from it.
Iris smiles at the crowd as the entire inside of her squirming pussy is visible.
Iris "I'm praised by my customers as having an amazing cunt. I'm good at using my womb to pleasure cocks, so please give it a try."
Iris twists her hips, making her pussy constrict and juices squirt out.
The audience claps at the sight of this.
Announcer "Iris is a popular whore even for the Service Nation! Then, next, competitor number three!"
Ladomira "I'm Ladomira... I work as the Service Nation's cum dumpster... Hahahahaha..."
Ladomira smiles proudly as she proclaims herself a cum dumpster.
The crowd hurls insults at her. It is very different from how they treated the other two.
Man A "Ladomira, bitch! You absolute piece of shit! A cum dumpster shouldn't just come out and call themselves that!"
Man B "Even though I just used you, you're still being a cheeky little bitch!"
Ladomira "Ahhhhh... hnnn, nghhh, right, everybody, insult me more... hnn! Because I am the lowest creature in the Service Nation...!"
Ladomira looks like she enjoys having the insults hurled at her.
Amongst the four of them, she clearly has the biggest breasts. Her nipples are so pointy and hard. They tremble as though they're getting even harder.
Announcer "Yes, as usual from Ms. Ladomira! Then, sorry to keep you waiting! It's all yours, competitor number four!"
Mistiora "Hahaha... I'm Mistiora Aite. I am the Service Nation's pregnant whore."
Audience "Woooooooooooooo!!!"
Mistiora quietly rubs her own pussy, causing the biggest cheer from the crowd today.
Before she became a whore for the Service Nation, she was known as the Legendary Whore. Her fame has only increased since then.
Mistiora is a pure-blooded dark elf. She births half-elves for the Service Nation. Alongside her daughters, she pleasures men without hesitation.
Mistiora has been producing children for several months now. She is carrying a new child even now.
Mistiora allows herself to be impregnated. It is an act that garners her the most praise from the men of the Service Nation.
Mistiora "Today, I cannot take your seed... but I will show each of you how nice my pussy is."
Mistiora smiles lewdly as she looks out at the crowd.
Her gaze continues to excite the audience even more.
Announcer "Well, they are each beautiful maidens the Service Nation is proud of! That is why we're wagering if there are any men who can endure the great pleasure they bring!"
Announcer "However! Yes, you understand! Wagering a large amount of money just on name and reputation is difficult! So, these four whores shall re-expose how good they're to all of you today!"
All of their smiles deepen at the announcer's words.
They knowingly and without hesitation reach their hands to their slits and pleasure themselves.
Iris "Ahhh... nghhh, ahhh... How's that? Can you see deep into my cunt?"
Luka "Don't hesitate... please look at my wide open pussy and asshole... Nghhhh..."
The flesh of Iris's pussy is revealed under her porcelain skin.
The walls of her pussy layer on top of one another like the petals of a rose. She has already slept with several hundred men, but her pussy still retains its color.
Her contracting hole trembles at the gaze of the audience. Her hole gives off a sense of comfort just from being looked at.
Luka's anus pulls more eyes than her pussy.
She has taken an uncountable number of cocks up her ass. Her anal lining is crumpled up, making it look like a bud.
That bud is as open as her pussy that she is opening with her hands, drawing the eyes of those around.
Ladomira "Ahhh, everyone, are you just going to look? Please stick your erect cocks inside of my cunt quickly...!"
Mistiora "Hahaha... I can feel all of your hot gaze, you know? Well, if you're just going to look today, I look forward to your gaze... hnnn..."
Juices drip from Ladomira's pussy like drool as she spreads it open wider.
Her reddish-black folds wriggle like they were another lifeform. They appear to be trying to devour some prey.
Mistiora's open pussy gathers eyes to it. It closes when she pulls her hand away.
Rather than the men criticizing her, they plead to be shown more, showing Mistiora's popularity.
Mistiora smiles alluringly at those men. Just gesturing to open up her slit spreads it wide open.
Announcer "Well, let me re-explain the rules!"
The audience is still concentrating on their crotches as the announcer begins to speak.
Today, a magical dildo will be used to compare the ability of their pussies.
The dildo being used will get bigger and bigger in size in response to the more pleasure the girls feel. And the vibration will also get more and more intense.
The person that can endure until the very end without climaxing in the middle or being unable to endure the size will be declared the victor.
The audience is wagering on who will be the victor.
Luka moans as soon as he finishes his explanation.
Luka "Umm... I have more confidence in my asshole. So can I use that hole?"
When Luka says that, she moves her hand from her pussy to her asshole, spreading it open wide.
Luka "How about it...? I've taken an ogre's cock up here and squeezed out all of its cum. I'm proud of this asshole... Hahaha, it's incredibly tight, you know...?"
As Luka says, her asshole stretches open to the point that it looks like it could take an adult man's arm.
When she focuses her strength on her crotch, her long hole moves open and closed like a hungry mouth.
Anal juices drip out of it in place of pussy juices.
Announcer "I see. You certainly do seem proud of your asshole! Then, everybody, is it okay for her to use her anus!?"
The audience responds in agreement as though it were the natural answer to the announcer's question.
Luka "Everyone, thank you... I will do my best to win, so please bet on me."
Luka says that and smiles before once again moving her asshole open and closed like a hungry mouth.
The audience once again cheers at the sight, and the announcer proclaims that bets are open.
Iris and Luka look unable to wait as they watch cash and bet slips passing back and forth.
Of course, Ladomira and Mistiora also continue to drip with juices from their slits as they watch the bets continue to accumulate.
There is no huge difference between any of them, but it seems that Ladomira is the least popular and Mistiora is the most.
The announcer looks out at the audience once the betting has concluded.
Announcer "Well, let us begin!"
At the announcer's signal, men come from the corner of the stage, sticking dildos in the crotches of the girls.
Iris "Anghhhhh, ahhh, unghhhh... hnn... This is hard... Nghhh, it makes my cunt feel good... Anghhhh..."
Luka "Nghhhh, augh, ah, khhhhh... hnnn... hahhh, ngh, nghhh, my asshole is being rubbed... Ahhh, I'm aching... hnnn..."
It might be because they're already more than wet enough, but the girls take the average human-sized cocks with no pain into their respective holes.
The dildo begins to vibrate as soon as it is inserted just as stated. It rubs against the walls of her pussy.
Ladomira "Nghhh, this still isn't enough... Hnnn, ahhh, I want a bigger dildo...!"
Man A "Hahhh? You've just got a loose cunt!"
Ladomira "Anghh... Any woman would prefer a big cock."
The crowd immediately starts to heckle Ladomira for expressing her dissatisfaction.
The dildo's vibrations communicate strong pleasure to Ladomira causing her pussy to contract, but her pussy contracts so hard that it actually just stops it from vibrating.
Ladomira cries out fretfully, shaking her hips in overwhelming irritation.
Huge drops of pussy juice keep dripping from her cunt.
Mistiora "Kfffff... ngh, ahhh, however, it certainly isn't enough... Nghhh... With this, a hot, raw cock would feel much better... Haha..."
Boy A "Hnn!?"
Mistiora expresses her own dissatisfaction and stops the dildo's vibrations with the pressure of her pussy, but the response from the crowd is very different from hers.
Just receiving Mistiora's sidelong glance causes many men to press down on their crotches and their faces to distort in pain.
Announcer "Well, of course, this is just a little trial! The dildos still haven't shown even a fragment of their true power, so please look forward to it everybody!"
When the announcer fans the flames, the audience responds loudly to him.
As though his voice has flipped a switch, the dildos inside of the four of them start to expand.
Iris "Nghhhh... hnnn, ah, ah, ahhhhh... hnnn! It's going deeper... and stretching me wider!"
Iris's body is stretched by the pressure of the expanding dildo.
The inside of her pussy stretches wide from the inside and lightly pulls on her labia.
Moreover, the tip of the dildo continues to vibrate as it presses up on her womb, so it's like Iris's entire abdomen is shaking.
Iris "Ahhhhhh, aghhh, nahhhh... hnn! This, ahhh, vigorousness... Ahhhh, ahhh, my whole body is getting numb... hnn!"
Announcer "Oh, is this competition speeding up? Iris seems to be in pain!"
Announcer "According to the information I have, you should have been fucked by a bicorn in the past, but how is that?"
Iris "That's right, but... Nghhhh, hffff, hahhh! Nahhh, ahhh... That doesn't mean I love large cock... Anghhhh!"
A wrinkle appears between Iris's brow, and large drops of sweat drip down her face as she answers the question.
But from her slit, juices continuously splatter out as her pussy is shaken by the dildo.
The agony of resisting the overwhelming pleasure can be heard in her voice.
Announcer "Are you saying that you don't really like big dick? Is that true? You look like you're going to cum, you know?"
Iris "That's, ahhh... hnn! I like being fucked to a painful degree... Anghhhh, hghh, kahhh! Ahhh, because it feels good!"
Iris's fingers grab her supple thighs.
Her loins squeeze tightly, and her pussy clings tightly to the dildo, allowing her to enjoy its vibrations.
The other three still seem to have a lot left in them, however.
Ladomira "Anghhhhhh, I finally feel something on my cunt... Ahhh, it's good! My cunt feels good!"
Mistiora "Kfffff, nghhh... ahhh, it's truly... Hanghhh, nghhh, ahhh, this much is good for me... Nghhh, ah, ahhhhh... It's even reaching my womb... hnn!"
Ladomira sees herself as a cum dumpster, and Mistiora is giving birth constantly. For them, they can still take a lot bigger and thicker a cock as compared to a normal person.
Mistiora squeezes her pussy on the dildo to confirm that it has gotten bigger. She enjoys the sensation and motion of the dildo with the walls of her pussy.
Mistiora's red pupils shake with lust, looking at the men in the audience alluringly.
Luka "Nghhhhh, khhh, nahhhh... hnnn! Ahhhhh, hahhh, ahhh, it's digging, hnn, into my asshole...! Ahhh, this dildo is incredible."
Luka's anus is also spreading wide just like the other three girls' pussies.
Her anus isn't only stretched to the point that there are no longer any wrinkles around it but all the way to the point that her anal lining is protruding out like she could tear at any second.
Her dark red anal lining trembles rapidly due to the dildo's vibrations.
Luka's anus constricts powerfully. She is satisfied with the powerful vibrations and moans from the pleasure.
Luka "Ah, ahhh, hnghhhh! Ahhhh, I can feel it against my womb from my asshole... Ahhhhh, more! Give me more!"
Drool tangles from Luka's wide-open mouth as she begs obscenely.
A huge amount of pussy juices gush out of her trembling pussy.
Showered in the pussy juices from her pussy, the dildo once again swells inside.
Ladomira "Hnghhhhhh... hnnn! Ughhh, nghhh, nahh, hahh, hahhh, kfffffff! It's done it! It's getting bigger!"
Mistiora "Kfffffff... unghhhh, nahhhhh! This is, hahh, goood... It's thrusting up and warping the shape of my uterus... Ahhhhhh!"
Luka "Ughhhhh... kahhhhhh! Ohhhhhh, my asshole! It's stretching my asshole! Ahhhhh, more! Stretch me more!"
Iris "Khhhh, hhhh, hghhh... hnn! Aghhhh, it's reaching my womb already... hnn!!"
All four of their abdomens are pushed up from the inside. The cock-shaped dildo is visible underneath their smooth skin.
Ladomira and Mistiora moan in pleasure at them getting this big.
Ladomira "Nahhhhhh, it feels good! It's like I'm finally taking a cock... Anghhh, more! Move around inside of my cunt more!"
The dildo's vibrations get even more intense, but Ladomira just shakes her hips more to say that she still hasn't had enough.
Her pussy has expanded to the point of audibly creaking. Juices are dangling from it, and because of the dildo's vibrations, juices are sent flying to the audience.
Man B "Isn't that loose cum dumpster shooting her dirty juices?"
Ladomira "Anghhhhh, because it feels good! Deeper! Fuck me deeper! Fill my womb right up!"
Ladomira shows no concern over the ridicule thrown at her and she shakes her hips, asking for more pleasure.
Her legs spread even wider, and she moves her hips in a circular motion. When she does so, she manages to feel the dildo rubbing her deeper inside.
She wants her womb to be crushed with even more intense pounding.
While Ladomira's wish isn't granted, she moves her hips and squeezes harder on the dildo.
Mistiora moves her hips in the same manner next to Ladomira.
Mistiora "Ahhhhhh, nghhh, khnghhhh! Nahhhh, ahhh, hahhh, hahhhh... hnn! This is... pushing up on my womb... Kahhhh!"
Of Mistiora's own will, she tightens her vaginal walls against the horse-sized dildo.
When the dildo vibrates against her walls, she unconsciously drops her hips due to the pleasure running through her.
Mistiora "This function, nghhh, is greater than I thought... Hahhh! Ahhh, good... Ahhhh, I want, nahhh, ahhh, another... hnn!"
Mistiora runs her finger along the shape of the vibrating dildo appearing on her abdomen. She shakes her long hair as she moans.
Drops of sweat are sent flying, falling on the noses of the men in the front row.
Man C "Khhhh, just as I'd expect from the treasured whore! Even her panting is incredible... hnnn!"
The men in the front row gaze longingly at Mistiora's pussy, filled with an expanding dildo.
Deep within her whole, her elastic pussy lovingly rubs along the huge dildo.
Next to her, pained moans are forced out.
Iris "Nghhhhhhhh, ugh, khhh, kfffff! Nahhh, hahhhh, I can't take this any longer... Ah, ahhh, ahhhhhhh!"
Iris's fingers claw at the stage, and her legs tremble as her toes curl.
Her pussy is stretched to its limit. A faint bit of blood oozes from it, mixing with her pussy juices and turning to light pink color.
Announcer "Oh, Iris, are you in pain? You look like you're already at your limit, but you're okay, right?"
Iris "It's okay, but... I feel like, ah, ahhhh, I'm already going to cum... hnn! Nahhhhh! Ahhhh, this dildo is incredible!"
Iris "My cunt and even my uterus are shaking, ahhhh! Pleasuring keeps coming at me from deep inside!"
Iris curls her body to cover her abdomen.
But she flaunts it again right away, stretching her crotch. She pushes her hips up high, thrusting them toward the audience.
Iris "Ahhhhh, no, I can't do this! It's too big. It's pressing on my bladder! Ah, ahh, ahhhhh, I feel like I'm going to piss!"
Announcer "It's so forcefully that it's going to make you wet yourself, but you know that if you cum you lose, right, Iris?"
Iris "I know... Nahhh, I know, but----! Ah, ahhhh, hahhhhh! My womb is----!"
Iris's hips shake intensely up and down.
The head of the dildo vibrates more intensely deep inside of her, forcing open Iris's cervix.
Iris "Nahhhhh, I'm sorry! I'm sorry to those that wagered on me!"
Iris apologizes as she suddenly is brought to climax.
Iris "Hahhhhhhhhhhh! Nahhhh, I'm cumming! The huge dildo has defeated my cunt!"
Iris's pussy spasms from her orgasm. It grips tightly onto the dildo inside of her.
The moment she tries to shake off the dildo's vibrations, she is hit with another climax.
Iris "Anghhhhhhh, I'm pissing! I'm not squirting! I'm really pissing as I... ahhhh, I----!"
Iris "I'm cumming! I'm cumming while being watched pissing!"
Iris's whole body spasms.
The huge dildo is pushed out of her due to the overwhelming constrictions of her pussy, causing it to fall to the ground.
Iris "Hahhh, hahh, nghh, hahhh... Incredible... Nahhh, hahhh... My cunt is still stinging... hnn..."
Iris's body is still bouncing from the lingering sensations of her orgasm. She releases every drop of urine in her bladder.
Iris's body trembles from the pleasure of that sensation.
Announcer "Iris, unfortunately, you're out!"
Man D "Don't feel bad! You tried really hard!"
Man E "Don't regret losing! You'll do it next time!"
Iris "Ahhh... ngh, ahhh... Thank you..."
Iris is the first one out, but she leaves with applause and kind words from those in attendance.
Iris's crotch is left agape because of the huge dildo. She presents it to the crowd as she conveys her thanks.
Ladomira "Nahhhh!? AH, ahhh, this dildo is getting bigger again...!"
Mistiora "Ohhhh, ughhh, kffff... hnnn! This sensation is certainly... nahhh!"
Luka "Hghhhh... hnnn! Kffff, nghhh, hahh!"
Announcer "Oh! It seems that the dildo has started to expand yet again because Iris was knocked out!"
The audience's attention is concentrated on the remaining three girls due to the announcer's words.
The dildo's sudden expansion causes the tear of flesh in their holes.
Ladomira "Khhhhhhhhh! Oh, ohhhhhhh, it's reaching all the way to my belly!"
Mistiora "Hahhhhhhh, ahhhh, nahhhhhh! This is----nahhh! It's been so long since I've taken something this big!"
Luka "Kyahhhhhhhh! Nahhh, ahhhhh, ahhhh, ahhhhh... I'm at my limit!!"
The shape of the dildo starts to appear all the way on their solar plexus.
In terms of size, the dildos are like a troll's cock now.
Moreover, the vibration has gotten even more intense.
Mistiora "Nghhhhhhh, hghhhh, ghhhh, hnghhhhh, nahhhhh, ahhhh, it feels good!"
Mistiora "It's in so deep! Ahhhh, it's forcing open my cervix... kahhhhhhhhhhh!"
Mistiora's brown body arches back powerfully, and she screams from pleasure.
Although Mistiora's pussy is supple and soft, a troll-sized dildo is certainly too big.
Even from just breathing, she feels pain spread from her crotch to her solar plexus.
Moreover, the dildo is pressing on her stomach and vibrates intensely enough to shake all of her organs.
Mistiora "Ahhhhh, I can't take it... kfffffff! The pleasure is so great that my womb is on fire... Ahhhhh, it's like when I give birth!"
Mistiora writhes in pleasure with the arm-sized dildo stabbing into her crotch.
When Mistiora pants, her voluptuous breasts shake up and down, sweat dripping down her spine.
More pussy juices flow than sweat. A large splotch of it forms below her crotch.
Ladomira "Khhhhh, hnghhh, nghhhh! This, hahh, is too big! Ahhhh, my cunt is getting so loose!"
Ladomira screams in the interweaving sensations of pain and pleasure.
The form of the dildo bulges out at her abdomen. Her legs clatter in pain.
Man A "Bitch! You're always going on about how loose your pussy is! You constantly talk about how normal cocks aren't enough for you! Fucking bitch!"
Man B "That's right! If you're the Service Nation's cum dumpster, show more of your true nature! Or are you saying you're a failure of a cum dumpster!?"
Ladomira "Nghhhhh! Kffff, ughhhhhh! But, ahhh, but----! This hurts... and feels good!"
Ladomira is drunk on the pain and pleasure.
Announcer "Are these maidens at their size limits!? How is the anal master, Luka, doing!?"
Luka "Bghhhh... hnnnnnn!!"
Luka tries to answer somehow, but as soon as she inhales, her mind goes blank.
Every muscle in her body constricts so tightly that her body twists. Her anus squeezes so tight that it stops the dildo's vibrations.
Announcer "Ahhhh, Luka's lost consciousness! It seems that this is unfortunately too astounding!"
At the announcer's declaration, the audience gasps.
Moans and screams come as though to drown out their gasps.
Ladomira "Hahhhhhhhhh! Aghhh, kahhhhhh! I can't take it anymore! My cunt----!"
The vibrations of the dildo shake her organs as it is thrust into her womb. It makes her spine numb.
Her eyes don't move from the audience, but her vision blinks in and out.
Her climax suddenly increases, and it feels like Ladomira is drowning.
Ladomira "Hahhh, ughhh, ungh, nghhh, nahhhh! Ah, ahhhh, I'm already cumming...!!"
Man A "How are you just going to decide to give in!? I put money on you, bitch! Try harder, you dirty slut!"
Man B "Fucking bitch, you were the former empress!"
Ladomira spasms as though an electric current is running through her, but she is showered with merciless ridicule.
Ladomira grinds her teeth, and she tries to stop herself from climaxing as the men say.
But she can't stop the current any longer.
Ladomira "I can't handle it any longer! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!"
Ladomira's crotch is filled with the thick dildo. Her body shakes up and down like a broken toy.
Ladomira "Hnghhhhhhhhhhhh! Hghhhhh, nghhh, ghhhh, nghhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Transparent juices erupt forcefully from Ladomira's crotch as she groans in orgasmic pleasure.
Her slender hips tremble, and juices spray out all around her.
Ladomira "Ahhhh, ah, ahhh... ahhhhh... hnn..."
Announcer "Ladomira is out! The victor is Mistiora!"
Audience "Wooooooooooooooooooooo!!!"
Ladomira's body still spasms occasionally from the lingering sensation of her orgasm.
Nobody looks at Ladomira any longer. They all cheer at the announcement of the victor.
But Mistiora is already at her limit in achieving her victory.
Mistiora "Ahhh, nahh, ah, ah, ah, ahhhhhhh! Me too... I'm already... hnnnn!!"
Mistiora's abdomen swells and distorts, and her naked body trembles.
Her thighs twist in pain, and having been stretched past its limits, her pussy bites down on her dildo hard.
The audience can tell that she's been pushed to her limit. Their earlier zeal is silenced, and they take a large gulp, waiting for the next moment.
Mistiora "Ahhhhh, I'm cumming! Ahhh, I'm cumming... hnn! Everyone, ah, ahhh, is watching... me cum... hnnnn!"
Mistiora opens her legs and thrusts her crotch forward as though to flaunt her stupidity.
Mistiora "Kahhhhhhhhhhhh! Nahhhh, ahhhh, I'm cumming! This huge ass dildo in my cunt is making me cum!!"
Audience "Woooooooooo!!"
Mistiora's hips shake up and down as she screams about the orgasmic pleasure.
Her pussy constricts around the dildo, causing the dildo's vibrations to slow. Juices with a mixture of urine come outs from around the dildo.
Mistiora "Ahhhhhhhh, nahhh, aghhhhhhhhh! Nahhhh, ahhhh, I can't take it... Hnnn, I'm just continuing to endure... Ah, ah, ahhhh!"
Mistiora "I'm cumming! I won't stop cumming!!"
Mistiora's juices shoot out like piss.
Sprayed with her juices, the men all smile happily.
............
......
...
#05_har003
Traveler "Hnnn... hahhhh... This country is more incredible than I imagined..."
The exhibition ends, and the number of people in the town square has reduced. But it is still busier than a festival day in the town that the man grew up in.
Absolutely flabbergasted, he just stands still.
Rumors of the Service Nation come from everywhere.
He had heard that naked girls are led around on collars without any stir even though it is the middle of the afternoon, and bound girls are left on the street so that men can freely fuck them.
He thought it all had to be an exaggeration, but now he understands it to be the truth.
Traveler "No... but this is greater than what I heard..."
He has seen girls more beautiful than any he has ever seen in this town square doing unbelievable things. It's something he couldn't have even dreamed of.
His fingertips are numb as his heart still races from excitement.
Traveler "Hahh... My throat is dry. I should take a break somewhere."
He looks around the area but doesn't see any shops close at hand.
At that time, he notices a long line in front of a booth.
He was a little lost but walked over to the line to check on what is going on.
Traveler "Excuse me. What is this line for?"
Man "What? Don't you know? Hmm, are you from the countryside? You've probably heard about this. If you've come to the Service Nation, you've definitely got to check this out once."
Traveler "Yeah, I've heard about it! Is that what this line is for?"
Man "Yeah, today's sale has just started."
Traveler "Thank you!"
He says his thanks and gets in line immediately.
He had heard of this before he came to the Service Nation, so even though he is thirsty, he can't pass this up.
Regardless of the length of the line, he just waits while trying to suppress the excitement in his heart.
At the front of the line...
#05_har004h_har05
Astrid "Well, go ahead. Make sure to enjoy my unspent hole thoroughly."
Astrid is only wearing a frilly apron. Her giant breasts rest on the counter as she smiles at the guest.
Just by tilting her head slightly and looking up at the man, her large breasts, which could be described as hills of meat, undulate.
Her milky skin is visibly fine and radiant.
Man A "Hnn, these are... the breasts of rumor...?"
Astrid "Because everybody has squeezed them, they've gotten bigger than usual. Sometimes I wonder if they've gotten too big, though."
Astrid says that and smiles. She lightly pokes her fingertip into her own breast.
Her breasts bend like water balloons before quickly returning to their normal shape.
He looks down at them, and his fingers stiffen.
Astrid "Hahaha, hey, won't you give them a squeeze? Even if my boobs get bigger, my nipples still stay concave."
Astrid "It's better for them to get erect... right?"
Man A "Hnn, ah, ahhh... U-Understood."
His fingertips tremble nervously as he reaches his hands slowly to Astrid's breasts.
The instant his fingers touch them, he pulls them away in fear. He breathes deeply, placing another hand on her breasts, and his fingers press a bit harder.
His fingers dig into her soft and huge breasts. He sighs lustfully as he does.
Astrid "You can squeeze them harder. It's absolutely okay."
He nods as Astrid smiles at him, squeezing her huge tits more and more.
Next to him, another man is doing the same thing with Mel Mel.
Mel Mel "How are my boobs? Aren't they much bigger than you thought? They've gotten a bit bigger again!?"
Man B "Yes, even though you're a halfling, the size of your breasts is insane for your height..."
He spends eighty percent of her time staring at her breasts and twenty percent of her time at her face.
Mel Mel tries to move his gaze by putting both of her arms below her breasts and raising them up.
Mel Mel "Hahaha, aren't they just so big!? I can shoot a lot of milk out of them, so look forward to it!"
Mel Mel entices the man by squeezing her breasts together to emphasize their size and softness.
Her nipples are already so erect that milk is shooting out of their tips.
It's not just Mel Mel and Astrid. Of course, Eleonora is also there next to them. The three of them have been granted the ability to produce milk whenever due to Nicola's magic.
Eleonora "Hahhh, nghhh, ahhh... My breasts are already so taut that it hurts... Nghhh..."
When Eleonora's body twists, her inhumanly big breasts shake on top of the counter.
Milk quickly oozes out from her hard nipples.
Eleonora smiles slightly in embarrassment as she looks up at the man in front of her.
Eleonora "I'm sorry... it's improper for a girl my age to be making such a cute pose, huh?"
Man C "No, not at all! In fact, you look great!"
Eleonora "Hahaha, thank you..."
Eleonora smiles bashfully as she plays with the shoulder string of her frilly apron.
Eleonora "As you see, I'm already fully prepared. My milk has a nostalgic flavor. It makes everybody happy."
Man C "Yeah, I feel like I already get it."
Eleonora "Hahaha... then, go right ahead and give it a taste. There's no excuse not to. You've already paid... Ahh, nghh..."
Eleonora slowly opens her lips. She shows the inside of her mouth as she moves her tongue around alluringly.
He swallows down his spit. When he goes to pull down his pants, Astrid moan's happily.
Astrid "Ahhhh, nghhh, you're so good...! Twist about my areolas more and make my nipples erect... Ahhhh, nahhh, ahhh, good... anghhhh..."
He squeezes around her areolas, making her nipples erect as she begs him to do so.
When he grabs her huge hanging breasts, milk sprays out of them.
Astrid "Haha... if it's just a bit, how about giving it a taste?"
After Astrid tells him that, he brings his face right up to her nipple before moving milk from his cupped hands to his mouth.
Man A "Hmm... It's kind of sweet..."
Astrid "Hahahaha, right? My boobs have been praised for having the most delicious milk, you know?"
Astrid stretches her back with pride once again emphasizing her breasts.
Mel Mel "The most? If we go by sales, I have much more, you know?"
Astrid "Sales aren't everything, you know? The customer's satisfaction is the most important."
Mel Mel butts in with a smile on her face, but Astrid just responds with a smile of her own.
The men stare at the magnificent breasts before them, moving their eyes left and right.
Eleonora "Hahaha, if you'd like, please go ahead and compare how they taste later, okay?"
Man C "Ah, ahhh, yeah, that'd be good."
Eleonora "Hahaha... Then, please start with mine... ngh..."
Eleonora once again opens her mouth and moves her tongue around invitingly.
After he removes his pants in a panic, the other men do the same.
Eleonora "Ahhhh, it's a splendid cock, yeah...? Hahaha, snffff, snfffff... It really smells of cum, you know? Muah, nghhh, lckkk... hnn..."
Eleonora gives an alluring smile before persistently licking the underside of his curvy cock.
His body bounces along with his cock just from that.
Eleonora looks up at him and smiles. Her tongue stretches out in a showy manner, licking his cock over and over again before wrapping around the head of his cock.
Eleonora "Lckkkkk... ngh, muah, lckkkk... nahhh, it's so rock-hard... ahhhhhh..."
Eleonora "I must thank you for allowing me to serve such a thick cock... Lckkk, nghhh, sckkk, sckkk..."
Mel Mel "Nahhhhhh, you didn't wash your cock yesterday, yeah? Could it be that you intended for me to clean your smegma?"
Man B "N-No, that's not really the case..."
Mel Mel "Well, it can't be helped. I'll give it a suck because you're the first customer in line. Muah, ngh, lckkk, nghhh... sckkkk, nghhh, muah, lckkkkk..."
Mel Mel smiles in a bit of a mean manner before happily making use of her tongue.
She kisses his smegma-clad cock without hesitation, wrapping her tongue around it and swallowing it.
The stench is quite strong. She keeps licking his cock, communicating that she wants to taste more of it.
Mel Mel "Nghhh, it's stuck around here... Muah, muah, nghh, mmm... nghhh, lckkk, lckkk, ngh, lckkk... nahhhhhh, it's coming off... Nghhh, nghhh, pahhh..."
Astrid "Precum is already dangling off of it... Have you gotten excited from squeezing my boobs? Hahaha... ngh, muah, sckkk, nghhh..."
Man A "Ugh, hnn, suddenly... hnn..."
Astrid "Hahaha, you can keep letting out that precum, you know? Your cum can come after you've endured... Ngh, sckkk, muah... lckkk, lckkkk..."
Astrid concentrates on the hole in his dick.
She sucks up the precum, and when she softly flicks the slit in it with the tip of her tongue, his body stiffens, and precum once again drips from him.
Astrid "Ahhhh, the sight of your cock trembling, trying not to cum, is cute... Muah, muah, ngh, lckkk, sckkkk, sckkkk, lckkkk... hnnn..."
He tries to endure the powerful pleasure of having Astrid wrap her tongue around the head of his cock, and it makes his cock get harder.
Mel Mel once again laughs in a slightly mean manner next to them.
Mel Mel "Sckkkkk, nghh, pahhh... hahaha, hey, mister, are you still not going to cum from this cock?"
Man B "Ah, ahhh, hnnn, of course."
Mel Mel "Hahahahaha, then, I'll suck down your freshly squeezed-out cum, okay? Once I've done that, I'll give you lots of milk!"
Mel Mel says that and puts her cock around his cock.
Mel Mel "Mmm... nghhh, nghhhh, bahhh, sckkkk! Sckkkk, muah, sckkk, sckkkkk!"
Eleonora "Mmm... ngh, ngh, nghhh, nghhhhhh! Nghhhh, muah, sckkkk, sckkkkkk!"
Astrid "Agh, ngh, pah... ngh, pahh, ngh! Mfff, sckkkk! Ngh, nghhhh, sckkk, sckkkk, sckkkk! Sckkkk!"
The three of them take in their respective cocks deeply into their mouths. They all start sucking aggressively as though pulling their dicks deeper into their mouths.
Mel Mel strokes the entire length of his cock as she moves her head. Eleonora keeps it deep in her mouth as she moves her head up and down, using her throat to stroke his cock.
Astrid oscillates her tongue as she drools, using her lips to aggressively suck on his cock.
Milk squirts out of all of their nipples as they zealously suck his cock, and a sweat scent wafts through the air.
Man C "Ghhh!? Hey...! Go a little slower at the beginning...! S-Shit!"
Eleonora "Nghhh, nghhh, bahhhh... hnnn! Do your best to endure, okay? Give me your thick and delicious cum... Haha..."
Eleonora "Mghhhh, nghhh, nghhhhhh! Bahhhh, bahhh, muah, bghhh, sckkkkk!"
Eleonora talks with his cock still inside of her mouth and rubs the head of his cock deep inside of her throat while shaking her head to constrict her throat further.
Her thick saliva drips from her mouth, creating obscene noises.
Mel Mel "Nghhhhh, I'Ll take it all! Nghhh, pah, muah, sckkk! Sckkk, shllllk, sckkkkkkk!"
Man B "Kahhh...! This is incredible...!"
Spit and precum bubble up from the inside of Mel Mel's mouth as she aggressively shakes her head up and down.
She rubs the ridge around the head of his cock with plump lips, and he squeezes his fists tightly to endure the pleasure.
Astrid "Sckkkk, sckkkkkkk, sckkkkk... sckkkkk, sckkkk, nghhh, sckkkkkkkkk!"
His cock is balls deep into Astrid's mouth. Her cheeks are made concave due to how hard she is sucking.
The lining of her cheeks wriggles and undulate due to her sucking force, stroking along his cock.
Man A "Ahhh, I can't take it any longer!"
Astrid "Nghhh, it can't be helped... Pahhh, mmm, nghhh, hnnn, sckkkkkk! Nghhh, kfff, nghhh... sckkkkkkkkk!"
Astrid speaks through a bitter smile before sucking even harder on his cock.
His entire cock is enveloped by her mouth just as if he were wrapped in her wet pussy. He has reached his limit.
Man A "No, I'm really going to...!!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhhh, bshhhh! Bshhh, bshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhh!")
Astrid "Bahhhhh... hnghhhhhh! Pahhhh, nghhh, glgggg, nghhhhhh! Nghhh, sckkkkk, muah... kffffffffff!"
When she thinks that the head of his cock has swelled inside of her mouth, a huge amount of cum suddenly bursts out.
Astrid is also brought to climax by the heat of his cum burning her mouth and throat, and milk erupts from her tits.
Astrid "Nghhhh! Nghhh, glgggg, nghhhhh... pahhh, hmmm, mghhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
His sticky cum clings to the sides of her throat as it slowly drips down.
Astrid continues to have milk erupt forcefully from her nipples as she endures the special burning pleasure going down her throat.
The other two men are each pushed to their limits as well. Perhaps they're hit by the situation.
Man B "I'm also going to cum! Ohhh!"
Man C "M-Me too... Hnn, in her mouth... hnn!"
Mel Mel "Nghhh... sckkkk, sckkkkk, sckkkk... sckkk, lckkkkkkkk!"
Eleonora "Nghhhhh, mmm, sckkkkk! Sckkkkk, muah, sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkk!"
Spllllrrrrrrt, bshhhh, bshhhhhh! Bshhhh! Bshhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Nghhhhhh, pahhhhhhhh! Nghhhh, ngh, glgggg... mghhh! Nghhhhh, pahhhhh, hmmmmmmmmm!"
Eleonora "Hghhhhh, gmfff, mghhhhh! Nghhhh, nghhhhhh... kfffffffffffffff!"
In Mel Mel and Eleonora's throats, cocks pulsate wildly, releasing thick cum.
The two girls move their slender throats up and down as they swallow down their cum.
Drinking their cum like that, both of their hard nipples erupt with milk as proof of their climax.
Astrid "Hahhhh... ngh, ngh... nghhhh, I wanted to endure a little longer, but you shot that thick load for me. Thank you."
Mel Mel "Hahaha, mine was also incredible. How long were you letting that build? You came so much. Hehehe..."
Eleonora "Hahhh... hahaha, thank you for giving me your extra thick morning load. It was very delicious."
The three of them each thank the men for their cum.
Cum still dangles from the sides of their mouth. It's a truly obscene sight.
The men puff out their chests and fold their arms to show off their dignity, but their penises are still trembling with the pleasure of ejaculation.
Eleonora "Hahahahaha... Well, go ahead. Because you gave us your thick jizz, we can now produce a lot of milk."
Mel Mel "Go ahead, drink it! The flavor is really good!"
The girls fill cups with milk before handing them to the men.
The men look at each other as they each take their cups.
Man A "Ngh, ngh... pahhh... This sweet taste is really delicious..."
Man C "Hnn... hahh... This is, yeah, a nostalgic flavor... It really makes me feel at ease."
Eleonora "Hahaha... thank you for the praise."
The men swirl the milk inside of their mouths like it were high-quality wine without acting suddenly aroused by the milk.
The warm milk is unexpectedly plain. It's comfortable as it passes down her throat.
The man who drank Mel Mel's milk enjoys the flavor. He gazes at her breasts as he drinks the milk.
Mel Mel "Hmm? Is something the matter? Is it not agreeable to you?"
Man B "No, not at all... It's just..."
Mel Mel looks down at her own breasts, following the man's gaze.
Milk is still flowing out of her taut breasts.
Mel Mel "Ahaha, it's because you came so much. It seems that I still have some milk remaining."
Man B "I-In that case, it's my portion, yeah...?"
Mel Mel "Eh? Huh?"
He voices his excitement restlessly before suddenly starting to squeeze Mel Mel's breasts with his hands.
Mel Mel "Yah, hanghhh... nghhh! You're squeezing my boobs! I'm not a cow, though... Ah, anghhhh..."
He uses both of his hands to knead Mel Mel's breasts. When he does so, milk drips from her nipples.
He squeezes the milk from her taught mammary glands, sending a shiver of pleasure down her spine.
Even her uterus is aching with anticipation, and she starts to want his cock in her slit.
But she won't be able to do that while working.
Mel Mel "Ngh, I really can't keep this up any longer, okay...? Kfff, nghhh... ah, ahhh, ngh, ahhh... hnnn, hahh, ahhh, squeeze them more...!"
His fingers are dug deeply into her breasts with violent force, squeezing out her milk.
The pleasure and pain of being milked mix together, and Mel Mel's body trembles from it.
Her womb is aching with a burning heat, screaming out to her that it wants to be filled with cum.
Below the counter, juices drip from her slit, wetting her thighs.
Mel Mel experiences increased excitement, but next to her, she can hear muffled moans, leading her to suddenly look that way.
Astrid "Sckkkkkk! Nghhhh... sckkkkkk, sckkkkk! Sckkkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkkk!"
Eleonora "Sckkkkk! Sckkkkkk, sckkkkkk! Hghhhh, nghhh... sckkkkk, sckkkk!"
Astrid and Eleonora both quickly move on to their next men.
The two of them are leading their next set of men to ejaculate by swiftly moving their mouths from head to base over and over.
The sound of saliva flicking out of their mouths is loud. The drool drips down onto their shaking breasts.
The men's faces warp from the pleasure of the rapid sucking. They're nearly about to cum.
Mel Mel "Right. I'm sorry, mister. But there are other men in line."
Man B "Khh, can't be helped. Next time, blow me again."
Mel Mel "Nahhh, nghhh... hahaha, I know."
Mel Mel pants in pleasure from having her milk squeezed from her as she smiles at him.
She calls to the man behind him stamping his feet impatiently.
Mel Mel "I'm sorry to have kept you waiting. Well..."
Mel Mel "Nghhh, hgmfffff!? Gbffff, bahhhh... bahhh, sckkkk... muah, sckkkk! Nghhhh, nghhhh... sckkkk, sckkkkk!"
The next man immediately shoves his erect cock into Mel Mel's mouth as soon as he gets in front of her.
Mel Mel's mouth is fucked with the rapid thrusting brought on by his pent-up frustration from waiting.
But this much Mel Mel could have expected.
He immediately starts fucking the back of her throat, but she adjusts her posture right away and starts to suck on his cock herself.
Mel Mel "Nghhh, nghhhhh! Muah, sckkk, sckkkk... sckkkk! Sckkkkkkkk! Sckkkkkkkkkk!"
He envelops the head of his cock with her throat. Her cheeks pull in as she sucks hard on his rod.
She moves her head quickly back and forth. Her cheeks wriggle against the entire length of his cock, stroking it.
Precum drips out of Mel Mel's mouth.
Astrid "Sckkkkkkkkk, sckkkkk! Nghhhhh, sckkkkk! Sckkkkkkkk!"
Eleonora "Mnghhhhhhhhh! Nghhhhhhhh! Sckkkkkk, sckkkkkkkk, bahhhh! Glpppppppp!"
Next to him, Astrid is sucking hard on a cock, and Eleonora is stroking one with her throat.
The men are quickly driven to orgasm due to the first-class handiwork of these Service Nation whores.
Man D "Ohhhh, I'm going to cum! Drink my semen and produce a lot of milk for me!"
Man E "Me too! Drink every last drop of it!"
Mel Mel "Sckkkkk, sckkkk! Sllllrrrrrrrrp! Sckkkkkkk!"
Astrid "Nghhhhh! Sckkkkkkk! Sckkkk! Sckkkkkk! Muah! Muah! Sckkk! Sckkk!"
Eleonora "Ngmfffff, nghhhhhh! Hnghhhh! Nghhhhh, nghhhh! Sllllrrrrrp!"
Mel Mel, Astrid, and Eleonora sink their heads down deeper, stroking their respective cocks down to the base as the men tremble.
In that instant, they all unleash their loads.
Spllllrrrrrrt!! Bshhhhhhh!! Bshhhhhhh! Gshhhhh!! Bshhhhhhhhh!")
Mel Mel "Ngmmffff! Nghhhh, ughhhhhh! Hghhhh! Gmffffff, hghhhh, ughhhh, ughhhhh!"
Mel Mel (Ahhhhhhh! He came! His thick load is shooting down my throat!)
Astrid "Hnghhhh! Mmm, nghhhhhh! Bahhhh, muah, muah!"
Astrid (Hahhhh, it's hot! His juices are clinging to the sides of my throat... Ahhh, it's so good! Having cum shot down the back of one's throat is the best!)
Eleonora "Nghhhhhhhh! Bahhh, glggggg! Mmm, nghhhhhhhh!! Ughhhhh! Glggggg... kffffffff!"
Eleonora (Hahhh, ahhhhhhh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! His thick load is... making me cum!!)
Having their throats fucked, they take a giant load almost as though they were pissing right down their throats.
Looking at it from the side, it's an immoral act, but for the three girls, it's a blessed orgasm that brings them enough joy to cause milk to erupt from their bosoms.
Astrid "Nahhh... nghhh, hahhh, nghhhh, nghhhh, nghhhh... kafff, pahhhh... hahahahaha, this is exceptionally smelly jizz. My head is in a complete spin."
Mel Mel "Haha, it was too thick. Nghh, nghhh, nghhhh... hahhh, hahaha, I feel it still clinging to the sides of my throat!"
Eleonora "Hahaha... It's really worth doing this job to get so much delicious cum... Nghhh..."
The three of them each savor their respective loads as they lick up the bits that landed on their face and breasts.
The men gaze longingly at the cups of milk before them.
Their cocks have only just cum, but they're already completely rock-hard again.
Astrid "Hahaha, how's that? Was my milk delicious?"
Man D "Ah, ahhh, of course, it was. It was delicious, but... hnn!"
He swirls the amount of Astrid's cum left in the cup. As though saying he can't take it any longer, he sucks on her tits, sucking up what milk he can.
Astrid "Nooo, nghhhh! Hey, you can't do that... ahhhh, nghhh, ahhhh... hnnnn! It's one load for one cup... Nghhhhh!"
He doesn't listen to what Astrid has to say. He sticks both of her nipples into his mouth at the same time, sucking on them hard.
Astrid's back arches and writhes at the sensation of having her breasts forcefully sucked on.
Astrid "Ahhhhh, nghhhhh! Ahhhh, just... a little more... nghhh! Bite, ahhh, on my nipples! Hnghhhh!"
Astrid voices that it can't be helped while caressing her breasts to stimulate her own release of milk.
When his teeth bite down on her nipples and areolas, both of her breasts are suddenly filled with the heat of pleasure.
The other two shouldn't be able to endure the sight they're being shown.
Mel Mel "Ahhhh, ah, ahhh, nghhhh... nghhhhh! A-All the men love boobs so much...!"
Eleonora "Nghhh, hahhh, ahhh, they're so good...! Nghhh, nghhh... Please such on my boobs! Ah, ahhh, please drink my milk."
Both Mel Mel and Eleonora moan as they ask for the men to suck on their nipples.
Being milked is good, but having a man directly suck the milk from their tits is the best.
Astrid "Anghhhh, my breasts are steadily leaking... Drink more! More and more...!"
Mel Mel "Ahhh, nahhhh... If you don't cum one more time, I won't be able to, nghhh! And you, hnn, need to get back in line!"
Eleonora "Hghhh, khhh, khhh... nahhh... It's okay... Please feel at ease and drink my milk, okay...? Ah, ah, ahhhh..."
The three of them have their milk sucked as they're once again subsumed by their sexual urges.
............
......
...
#05_har005
Traveler "Hahh... I've just been hit by surprise after surprise."
After witnessing the dildo show and enjoying the breast milk, the traveler watched and participated in many other exhibitions.
He used more money than he had intended.
There were just so many events that he felt like he might never have another chance to experience, so he couldn't think about being frugal.
However, he needs to keep his purse strings tight.
Traveler "Right, I came to the Service Nation to become a big shot!"
He once again grips his wallet with that thought in mind.
He can hear loud voices calling out from the corner of the town square.
Man "Well, who is going to win this great battle? Don't you want to get a large amount of money and sexual services!?"
Traveler "Sexual services and money...?"
His shoulders tremble.
If he gets a single hit, he could both replenish all the money he has lost and receive some dream sex work.
In that case, he has to give it a challenge.
Traveler "Alright, what kind of challenge is it? I'm definitely going to win!"
He speaks enthusiastically before quickly heading to the crowd of people.
#05_har006h_har06
Announcer "Well, everything seems to be ready! Their faces are all filled with determination!"
The announcer's voice excites the crowd.
In the middle of the large crowd, Iris, Mel Mel, Kohaku, and Astrid are sitting.
Of course, they aren't just sitting. The four of them are connected by anal beads.
The battle is who can keep the anal beads when they're pulled.
Mel Mel "I'm sorry, but I'm going to win this. There's no way I'm going to get fucked by monsters every day! My tight asshole has a reputation for being very effective!"
Astrid "Monsters? Aren't you the expert at taking troll dick? Your asshole is only tight for huge creatures like that."
Kohaku "If you fucked somebody normal, your asshole would clearly be seen as loose."
Mel Mel "Hmph! You're looking lightly at the tightness of my asshole. I look forward to your pained faces later!"
Mel Mel's strong will doesn't falter in the face of Astrid and Kohaku's instruction.
Astrid once again goes to say something to Mel Mel, but Iris butts in with a bitter tone to her voice.
Iris "It's a bit hasty to decide that her asshole is loose because she fucks trolls. It could be that she just has a really elastic asshole."
Iris "I also took a horse cock once. When it happened I was prepared to no longer be able to use my asshole. However, unexpectedly it made my ass even more constrictive."
Mel Mel "Yeah, that's right! Iris gets it!"
Astrid "Yeah, I get it. Well, my ass is also tight, you know?"
Kohaku "Of course, mine too. No matter how confident you are, I have no intention of letting anybody else win."
The four of them smile confidently, clenching their sphincters and challenging the others to battle.
The announcer speaks loudly upon observing the situation.
Announcer "As you can see they're all full of vigor! Then, let us begin! Start!!"
Mel Mel "Ughhhh, khhh... hnnn! You're all trying a little too hard... Ughhhhh!"
Astrid "Ngh... hnnn! Khhh, nghhh, kfff...! The tightness of my ass isn't going to lose."
The four of them each lift their hips, pulling the anal beads in one another's sphincters.
The anal beads are pulled taught, trembling inside of them.
The competition will be determined by whoever has the tightest anus, preventing the beads from being completely pushed out.
Iris "I expected as much...! But the name of the Holy Kingdom rests upon me, so I will win this battle!"
Iris tightens her anus and pulls her body away powerfully.
Iris's anus pushes the anal beads deeper in.
But by continuing to tighten her sphincter muscle, her anus remains closed, preventing the beads from coming out.
The other three girls feel Iris's strength in their own asses.
Mel Mel "Nghhhh!?"
Astrid "Aghhhh!"
Kohaku "Khhhh! Nghhhhh!"
Their assholes are being pushed open from the inside. The sound of the beads popping one by one out of the other three girl's asses can be heard.
Their hips tremble with a pleasure similar to taking a shit.
As they're about to suddenly be pulled out in quick succession, they focus their strength suddenly on their crotches and stop them.
Mel Mel "Khhhh... Even though it's three-on-one, just how tight is Iris's asshole? Astrid, you can tighten your asshole more, right?"
Astrid "After being so cocky, what are you doing suddenly asking for help? But..."
Astrid "Good, Iris... I have the will of Kimia...! Let me show you what I've got!"
Astrid declares such in a haughty voice. She once again moves her hips high, pushing herself onto her tiptoes.
And her plump thighs spasm with all the strength she is putting in her thighs, tightening her anus greatly.
Iris "Khhh... I'd expect nothing less from you, Astrid! Is your powerful asshole true for all from Kimia...!?"
Astrid "That's right...! Nghhh, nghhhhhh!"
Astrid smiles and holds her breath to put more strength in her crotch.
It's clear in her expression she doesn't have the strength for it. No matter how confident she is in the constrictive power of her anus, if one were to compare the knight and mage, the knight would clearly lead in terms of muscular might.
Bit by bit, Astrid's anus is forced back open from the inside.
But the battle isn't one on one.
Mel Mel "You're doing it, Astrid! Well, it's time to really put my asshole to work! Nghhhhhh!"
Iris "Ghhhhhh... nghhh, khhh, ahhhh! Nghhhh!"
Mel Mel also squeezes her sphincter and starts to pull on the anal beads.
A popping sound comes from Iris's ass as the small glass beads are pulled from her.
A rush of pleasure runs up her spine from her anus. It makes her moan, but she focuses her strength on her crotch, preventing any more from coming out.
Iris "Hghhhhh... hnnn, nghhh, ngh, khhhh..."
Mel Mel "Hahaha, wouldn't it be better not to push yourself? Astrid and I are making your asshole tremble, Iris."
Mel Mel "Hey, don't you want to shit those anal beads out quickly and orgasm from your asshole?"
Iris "Unfortunately, my asshole is powerful... nghhh... If I'm going to cum, I'd rather do so with a real cock than this toy...!"
Kohaku "Hahahhaha... Iris always has such enthusiasm."
Kohaku has been keeping her silence up until now, but she laughs at Iris as sweat drips down Iris's face from squeezing her asshole even harder.
Mel Mel is convinced of her own victory, but Kohaku points her smile at Mel Mel.
Kohaku "The audience won't be satisfied by watching us go three-on-one. Of course, that goes the same for me."
Mel Mel "Nghhhhh... hnnn! Hey, Kohaku... nghhh..."
Kohaku shakes her tail and then lifts her ass high as though to show it to the surrounding crowd. She has focused so much strength on her ass muscles that it's pushing inward.
Astrid "Nahhhh, aghhhh, nghhhh...! I'd expect nothing less of you, Kohaku... Isn't that harsh on your asshole!?"
Mel Mel "Hey, Astrid, you're in no place to say that! Let's show Kohaku the truth!"
Mel Mel "Hey, Iris, if you loosen your asshole a little, the beads will just come right out, you know? It'll definitely give you an anal orgasm!"
Iris "That's... You should have that pleasure then, Mel Mel! Nghhhh!"
Mel Mel "Hahhhh... nahhh, hahhhh, you're all just so stubborn! Nghhh, khhhhhhh!"
Iris pulls on the anal beads even harder. But Mel Mel tightens her sphincter in response to stop her.
The four of them are all focusing their might into their crotches, but not only do their assholes tremble but their pussies as well.
Their pussies open as though asking to be touched as well. The wet and red lining is completely exposed.
Announcer "This is quite the battle! But it seems like they're all vying against one another! I think it's about time to move onto the next stage!"
When the announcer speaks, a small shadow comes out from the crowd around the four girls.
Iris "Ahhhhh, ah, ahhh, it's hot! Ahh!? A cock is going into me!"
Astrid "Nahhh, ahhh, hahhhhh! Aughhhh, it's reaching so deep into me!"
Mel Mel "Yahhhhh, why!? Ahhh, nahhhh! If I get fucked with a dick now----!"
Kohaku "Khhhhhhhh, ugh, uhhhhh... I have to tighten my asshole more... Ahhhhh!"
The creatures that jumped at the girls are a pack of goblins.
The goblins each plunge their cocks into one of the girls' pussies without mercy, clinging to them tightly.
Their pussies are extremely wet from the stimulation to their asses. The goblins' erect cocks intensely pound those holes.
The goblins happy with the tightness of their pussies immediately start humping, attacking the girls with pleasure.
Iris "Nahhhhhhh, ahhhhh! I can't feel this way... Hahhhh! Ahhhh, these goblins'... cocks feel good!"
Announcer "Well, it looks like things are heating up! If they start to enjoy the pleasure, they won't be able to focus on keeping their assholes tight!"
Announcer "Who can attain victory while enduring this pleasure!?"
The audience around them also starts to toss obscene words their way as some form of cheering.
Mel Mel bites her lip to stop her panting in the midst of this mockery shower.
Mel Mel "The victor will receive prize money... and the title of Anal Queen... That will be me!"
Mel Mel speaks with strong determination, clenching her anus tight again after the pleasure from the goblin's cock loosened it.
At the same time, her pussy also squeezes tight around the goblin's cock, squeezing him back out of her.
Iris "Nahhhhh! Ahh, ahhhh, my ass... The anal beads are... hnnn... nghhhh!"
Astrid "Hahhhhhh, ahhhh, nghhh, hey, Mel Mel...! Ahhh, you can't... Open your ass... Nghhhhh!"
Kohaku "Khnghhhh! This is... Ahhhh, even though I have to keep my asshole tight... khhhhhhhh!"
The sound of the beads leaving the assholes of the three girls continues.
While their pussies are fucked, they feel the stimulation in their asses as well, and their hips tremble with pleasure as their backs arch.
Their pussies constrict more powerfully around the cocks inside, granting even greater pleasure.
Mel Mel "Nghhh, hahahahah! How's that? I'll show you the power of a halfling's sphincter!"
Iris "Ahhhhhh, ahh, ahhh! Damn it... Khhhh, ghhh, nahhh, hahhhhhhh!"
Astrid "Ahhhhhhhh, no, it's not just my cunt... my asshole is even feeling pleasure... Khnghhh!"
The girls pant in pleasure as the beads are once again forcefully pulled out of them.
The juices dripping out of their pussies form a growing puddle on the floor.
Kohaku "Good... If we're talking about inhuman strength, I won't lose!!"
Kohaku "Nghhhhhh... kfff, nghhh, nghhhhh! How's that...? Mmmmmm!"
Kohaku's anal sphincter tightens as the beads are pulled from her, and she sucks some of them back into her asshole.
Kohaku pulls her body back, and the beads start to come out of Mel Mel's asshole.
Mel Mel "Nahhh, ah, ah, khhhhh...! Hey, I told you not to interfere, Kohaku!"
Kohaku "Hahahah... I'm sorry, but I'm stubborn too! Ngh, mmmm... hnnn!"
Kohaku tightens her sphincter more and shakes her hips. Her movements are communicated right to Mel Mel's asshole.
But those movements are also naturally communicated to the other two in addition to Mel Mel, but it is also communicated to the goblin inside of her pussy.
Goblin A "Gyahah, what a dirty fox! I'll fuck you!"
Kohaku "Nghhhh!? Aghhh, khhh, won't you wait? Now I... mmm!"
Goblic B "You too, little girl! Gyahahah!"
Mel Mel "Hanghhhh, nahhhh! My cunt, anghhhh, can't take that now!"
The goblin fucking Mel Mel thrusts his cock deep into Mel Mel's ever-tightening pussy.
Mel Mel and Kohaku cannot concentrate on their asses no matter how hard they try due to the pleasure.
Iris and Astrid exchange glances.
Iris "If you're stubborn... hnn!"
Astrid "I also...!"
Iris "Khhhhhh... hnn! Ngh, kfff, ah, aghhh, nghh, nghhh... How's this...!?"
Astrid "Even my ass is squealing... Nghhhh, khnghhhhh!"
The four of them each endure the pounding from the goblins as their asses squeeze tightly, tugging on the anal beads.
The anal beads once again are pulled tightly, scraping at their insides.
Announcer "Oh, are you all vying against one another!? No, the goblins are pounding faster! Well, how's that!?"
Iris "Nahhhhhhh! Ahhhh, hanghhhhh! The goblin's cock is reaching all the way to my cervix, ahhh, hahhh, ah, ah, anghhhhh!"
Astrid "Nahhhhhh, I can't take it! The anal beads are rubbing against me whenever his cock moves... Anghhhh, hnnnn, nahhhhhhh!"
Kohaku "Kahhhhhhh! The cock is, ahhhh, scraping against my cervix! Ohhhhhh, I can't endure this!"
Mel Mel "Anghhhhh, wait! If I'm fucked like that, my cunt, ahhhh, even my asshole----!"
The goblins hump frantically, and the girls' pussies are fucked viciously.
Their uteruses melt from the pleasure of the intense heat that comes from the rough rubbing against their undulating walls which is done with such power that her contracted pussy is forced open.
The goblins pound their holes, making juices spray all around.
Mel Mel "Nahhhh, ahhh, wait a second! Just a little bit and I'd win! Once I win you can fuck my cunt! Ahhhhhhh!"
Goblic B "Gyah, shut up, halfling! Shut up and tighten that cunt!"
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhh! Hahhhhh, ah, ahhh, no! M-My ass... hnnn, anghhhh!"
The beads pop out of her anus with a flick of the goblin's dick.
Mel Mel's pleasure quickly escalates from the stimulation. But Mel Mel isn't at her limit.
Iris "Hahhhh! Ahhh, hahhhh! Ahhhh, I... can't endure it any longer! Nahhh, but both my cunt and my asshole are----!"
Astrid "Ahhhh, I feel like I'm going to cum! This goblin's dick is... ah, ah, ahhhhh!"
Kohaku "Nahhhhhh, ughhhh, hnghhhh! Nahhh, ahhh, my asshole... kahhhh, ahhh... ahhhh, and my cunt are getting hot!"
Screams are forced out of their four mouths.
Rather than it being influenced by the beads pulling from their asses, their pussies seek more friction and thus pleasure constricting even harder on the cocks.
The goblins plow their narrowed holes all the more intensely.
The goblins' cocks pulsate wildly. The girls are keenly aware of it inside of their pussies.
Announcer "Defeat is assured for whoever orgasms! Who will be able to hold out until the very end!?"
Iris "Ahhhhhhhh! I can't do it! I'm already going to... Hahh, hahhh, nahhhhhhh!"
Astrid "It's just a little longer, but----! Ahhhh, but I can't endure it any longer! I----ahhhh! I'm going to cum, ah, ah, ahhhhh!"
Kohaku "Ohhhhh, I can't endure it any longer! Ahhhhh, his cock is so hot, and I'm----ahhhhh!"
Mel Mel "Ahhhh, I can't take it! Just a little longer! That's all I have to endure!"
The goblins' cocks pierce deep into the four as they scream.
Splllllrrrrrrrrrt! Gshhhhhh, gshhhhhh, bshhhhhhh! Bshhhh, bshhhhhhhh!")
Iris "Nahhhhhhhhhh! I'm cumming, ahhhh! I'm cumming from having his cum shoot inside of me!"
Astrid "Hnghhhhh, it's so hot! I can't do it! I'm already cumming! If cum shoots into me, I won't be able to stop myself from cumming!"
Kohaku "Ohhhhhh, I can't take this! Ahhhh, I'm cumming! The cum shooting into my cunt and womb is making me cum!"
Mel Mel "Hyannnnngh, I'm already at my limit! I'm cumming! Ahhhhh, I'm cumming! There's nothing left now but pleasure!"
Hot cum fills all of their wombs and makes their hips spasm, and the sound of the anal beads plopping out of them comes out.
Iris "Ahhhh, ah, nghhh... ahhhhh... There is so much cum shooting inside of me, ahhh..."
Astrid "Hahhhh, ahhhh... There's enough cum... pouring back out of her... nghhhh..."
Kohaku "Kffff... nahhh, hahhhh... uh, my asshole and my cunt... is still stinging with heat... ahhh..."
Mel Mel "Hahhhh, even if I just held out a bit longer... nghhh, ahhh... but it felt so good, I can't take it any longer..."
The four of them sit immersed in the lingering sensation of their orgasms, forgetting about the battle.
When her hips tremble, the goblins' cum gushes back out of their gaping pussies.
They gaze at one another's crotches and exchange smiles.
Announcer "Oh, these results are unexpected! It's a draw! It's all a wash!"
Protests come from the members of the audience that had placed wagers when the announcer speaks.
But the four of them pay no mind to that and just stay immersed in their pleasure.
............
......
...
#05_har007
Traveler "Hahhhh... It's so much more than the stories that I've heard about the Service Nation..."
He groans absent-mindedly.
As soon as he entered the capital, his eyes open so wide in doubt at the obscene event occurring before them. His head still hasn't recovered from the shock of the insane things that he's seen.
Traveler "Hey, yeah... I should find a place to rest for the night. My life in the Service Nation has just begun."
His words are filled with the tone of an excuse as he leaves the still bustling town square behind.
Traveler "Hmmm...? That line... Oh, man, it's a church. Well, it seems that there are churches even in a city of whorehouses like the Service Nation..."
He immediately exits the town square and comes across a line as he looks for a place to stay the night.
Since the afternoon, the line leading to the church stood out from the rest, even among the many brothels with long lines.
Traveler "Even though they're in a country like this, everybody is unexpectedly pious... Maybe I should go pray a bit myself..."
He isn't a devout follower. But he gets in line with the feeling that it might be good to renew his devotion to the Goddess now.
He notices the line is only men and many from abroad.
The person in front of him has dressed like a mountaineer, and the one behind him looks like he's from the east.
He thinks it's a little odd as he continues to slowly proceed with the line.
And when he finally enters the church, he sees another sight that would shock any normal man.
#05_har008h_har07
Seraphina "Ahhhhhh, hahhhhh... nghhh! Your cock is kissing my cervix... Ahhhhhh, your cock is really thick... khhhh!"
The obscene figures of Seraphina and Eleonora splayed out on pews inside the church are surrounded by men.
Seraphina has already been showered in the jizz of several men and her womb is filled with jizz. She once again takes a new cock into her pussy.
Every corner of her supple pussy is filled with cock.
Man A "Ah, ahhh, Goddess! Lady Seraphina!"
The man with his cock plunged into Seraphina's pussy trembles from the intense pleasure.
His brown and well-built flesh makes it clear that he comes from the far south.
People from far and wide have come to the Service Nation's capital. Of course, the reason for this is that this land is a holy place for men.
Sexual pleasure is the joy of living. Fucking is the truest path to holiness.
The Service Nation's church teachings have quickly permeated through this land.
The believers desire to visit the capital of the Service Nation----their holy land. Being granted an audience with their goddess----Seraphina----is a dream.
Man A "The cunt of the Goddess is like being licked and stroked by a hot tongue...! I can't believe a cunt this amazing exists!"
Seraphina "Nahhhh, southern cock is also incredibly firm... Ah, ahhh, it's good... The ridge around the head of your cock is rubbing against my vaginal folds... Nghhhh!"
Seraphina "Kffff, nghhh... Please relieve your exhaustion from your trip inside of my cunt... Nghh, hnnnghhh!"
Her uterus throbs with pleasure as she focuses her strength on tightening her crotch to stroke the cock inside.
Her numerous folds cling to his cock, undulating wildly to pull him deeper in.
Man A "Ahh, I truly can be blessed with the love of the Goddess in the holy land! When I return home, I will definitely spread the word to all!"
It feels like Seraphina's pussy is sucking and chewing on his cock. The sensation of feeling Seraphina against him makes his cock as hard as it can possibly get.
Her burning vaginal flesh makes his dick jump wildly.
Man A "Khhh, Lady Seraphina, your cunt feels too good... hnn!"
Seraphina "Nghhhh, khnghhh! Ah, please, nghh, keep enduring... Nghhh!"
Seraphina "Hahhhh, nghhh, how long you can hold out... ahh, shows how virtuous you are... hnn!"
She smiles at him, and his mixture of pleasure and excitement makes his face bright red as he desperately focuses his strength on his abdomen to stop himself from cumming.
He savors every inch of Seraphina's hole, moving his hips back and forth.
Next to him, another man's face is red as he is engrossed in thrusting into Eleonora's pussy.
Eleonora takes the pounding, moaning pleasure as she strokes another man's cock with her hand.
Eleonora "Ahhhh, nahhh, hahhhh... nghhh, hahh, ahhh... You have so much immorality built up in there... Khnghhh..."
Eleonora "You need to cum more often, ah, ahhh... ahhhh... Won't you cum, nghhh, soon...?"
Man B "Ughh, uhhh... I'm sorry, Lady Eleonora... khhh!"
Eleonora strokes his thick cock with her dainty fingers from base to tip.
She scoops up the precum with her thumb, coating the head of his cock in it.
Her pinky and ring finger lightly grip just below the head of his cock. She lightly glides those fingers up and down against the ridge around the head of his cock.
Man B "Ah, bishop...! Please squeeze my sin from me with your hands!"
Eleonora "Nghhhhh... kffff, hahhh, ahhhh, yes... of course... Every last drop... Ahhh, I'll squeeze out your jizz."
Having a large amount of cum built up inside of him, it's easy for his desires to go wild. That's why he must come to the church to have his body cleansed.
Eleonora strokes his cock while proselytizing the teachings of the church more passionately than anybody.
The friction becomes pleasure, and he pulls his hips away.
Eleonora looks up and smiles and then grips her hand tightly around the base of his cock.
Eleonora "Please try not to cum, hnn, nghh... until you can't take it any longer, okay? The more you endure the more your sins will be purified... khnghhh..."
She strokes his hock with her hand while twisting her hips and tightening her pussy around the cock in her hole.
They groan in pleasure through gritted teeth at the handiwork of the bishop who has visited many countries on missionary work.
Seraphina and Eleonora lead the men to pleasure. The surrounding men are jerking their own cocks while getting closer.
Man C "Lady Seraphina, recently I've been feeling funny..."
Man D "Lady Eleonora, my chest hurts..."
The other men speak of their pain. Their cocks are so hard they look about to burst.
Seraphina and Eleonora both smile at the men, indicating that they welcome them.
Without stopping their work on the men that are fucking them, they present their bodies to the approaching.
The powerful stench of cum rises off of their cocks, inviting the Goddess and bishop to even greater pleasure.
Seraphina "Please, nghhh, fire your hot, manly loads... hghhh, ahhh.... all over my belly..."
Eleonora "Those that have a pain in their chest, hahh, nghhh... please cum all over my boobs."
Seraphina rubs her lower abdomen, and Eleonora squeezes her own breasts, lifting them up.
The men point the tips of their cocks to their radiant limbs as they start stroking their dicks harder.
It is believed that if those that feel ill from injury or illness ejaculate on the body of the Goddess and the bishop, they will be healed.
Of course, there's no way it'll actually work.
But for a moment, their agony does go away.
Man C "Lady Seraphina, I'll shoot it on your belly...!"
Seraphina "Yes, ahhh, please cum on me...! Ahhh, ahhh, please shoot your um onto my body, everyone... ahhhh!"
Eleonora "Please shoot a lot of your jizz on me too... Kahhhhh! Ahhhh, hurry, my chest... is also burning!"
Seraphina strethes upward, revealing her body, and Eleonora digs her fingers deep into her boobs.
The men stroke their cocks with ever-increasing speed at the sight of the two of them.
The sounds of precum moving about get louder, and the men are trembling greatly.
Splllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh, gshhhhhhh! Bshhhh, bshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Nghhhhhhh! Kahhhhh, it's hot! I feel all of your hardship through your cum! Ahhh, please spray more onto me!"
Eleonora "Ahhhhhhh! Ahhh, please let me ease all of your pain by shooting your jizz onto me!"
Seraphina and Eleonora's faces, breasts, and the entire rest of their bodies are dyed white from the thick cum shot at them from all sides.
The heat of the cum sinks into their skin. Their bodies twist as they moan in joy as though they're in orgasm.
Seraphina "Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhh, it feels good! Please cum all over my body!"
Eleonora "Nahhhh, please cum more on my breasts! Make my boobs smell of your jizz!"
Spllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhh, bshhhh! Gshhhhh, bshhhhh!")
Seraphina "Ahhhhhhhh! You're cumming so much! All of your ample amounts of thick cum... is amazing!"
Eleonora "Ahhhhh, everybody has the... Goddess's blessing... nahhhhhhhhhh!!"
The cum rains down on them, causing them to feel greater arousal and moan.
Seraphina "Hahhhh... nghhhh, snffff... hahahaha, the scent of your cum is so rich... Ahhh, nghhh! There is so much of it... It's just spewed all over me."
Eleonora "You feel... hahhh, relief... all of you, ahhh, right?"
Man D "O-Of course, Lady Eleonora. My chest feels light. Umm..."
Their cocks don't wither but just get harder as they continue to shower the two girls in cum.
The Goddess and the bishop smile mercifully at the men.
Seraphina "Ngh, ahh... You don't need to hold back, okay?"
Eleonora "Please cum on me to excise the pain with pleasure... no matter how many times it takes, ahhh... ahhhhh..."
It is truly a sacred symbol to see them caring for the men around her while a cock is thrusting into their pussies.
Raging cocks push against their lips, wet with cum.
Man E "Lady Seraphina, lead us...! As you've taught us, we have taught dozens of virgin girls the magnificence of the Service Nation!"
Man F "We have already recovered from cumming...! Please show mercy to our cocks that have just torn through their hymens...!"
The cocks of the insistent men give off two scents. One is the expected manly scent, and the other is a fishy scent.
The two girls smile deeply when they smell the scent.
Seraphina "Nghhh, nghhh, ahhh... These ocks have just smashed through hymens... Ahhhh, certainly... I feel, nghhh... that your jizz has built up again... hnn..."
Eleonora "You've taught some virgin girls the majesty of the Service Nation... These cocks... ngh, deserve the Goddess's blessing..."
She sucks on his cock with an aroused look on her face. She opens her mouth wide, swallowing down the head of his cock.
Seraphina "Mmm, mmm, mbfffff... nghhhhhh, ugh, muah, sckkkkkk!"
Eleonora "Hmmm, ngh, nghh, nghhhhhh... bahhh, pahhh, mghhhh, sckkkkkkkkk!"
The two of them suck down these cocks that have just deflowered some maidens without hesitation all the way down to the base.
The heads of their cocks are enveloped by the holy women's hot throats. They bounce about wildly.
The two of them each smile at one another and then gently envelop the cocks in their mouths with the lining of their throats before starting to suck intensely.
Seraphina "Sckkkkkkkk! Pahhhhhhh, nghhhhhh, nghhhh, muah, sckkkkkkk, sckkkkk! Sckkkkkk, muah, muah, muah, muah, muah, muah, muah!"
Eleonora "Sckkkkkk, sckkkkkk, sckkkkkk! Nghhhh, nghhhhhhh, bahhh... sckkkk, muah, sckkk! Sckkkk!"
Seraphina sucks hard on the cock, making her soft cheeks bend inward. She moves her head up and down, pleasuring the cock with her lips.
Eleonora sucks her cock in more deeply, using her throat to squeeze tightly around the cock. She continues to suck on it hard.
Saliva makes the mouths and cocks glimmer lewdly from it.
Man E "Aghhhhh, ngh, ahhh! Lady Seraphina!"
The men pound back as their cocks are sucked so passionately that they feel like their dicks will melt.
The bitterness of the precum grows worse on Seraphina's tongue. Her heart is filled with hope and pleasure.
Seraphina "Pahhh, nghhh, please... cum...! Ahhhh, ahhh, cum in my mouth with that cock that just deflowered a maiden...!"
Seraphina "Mmmm, bah, bahhh... hnnn, sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkk! Sckkkkkkk!"
Man B "Khhhhhh...! Lady Eleonora, I'm sorry...!"
It's not just the men getting blown who are at their limit.
The men inside of their pussies, the ones getting jerked off in their hands, and the ones jerking themselves off can no longer stop themselves from cumming.
The men thrust lustfully. Their own pussies, throats, and hands continue to pleasure the cocks.
Eleonora "Pahhhh, ahhhh, please cum! Everybody, give me all of the thick cum you've been building up! Ahhhhh, please shoot it in and on me!"
Eleonora "Sckkkkk, sckkkkkk, sckkkkkk, bahhhhh! Bmghhhh, nghhhhh, muah!"
Man B "Ahhhh, I'm going to cum! I'll pour all of my cum into you, Lady Eleonora!"
The men consumed by their pussies, the men swallowed down, and the men jerked off tremble wildly from the swelling pleasure in their loins.
Splllllllrrrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh, gshhhh! Gshhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Ngbffffff, bmffff!? Mnghhhhhhh! Ungh, ungh, ungh, nghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Eleonora "Pghhhhhhhh! Mmmm, nghhhh, nghhh, nghhhh... pahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
The cocks pushing up on their cervixes and the cocks deep down their throats all pulsate with heat at the same time. Their seething loads flow into her body from both above and below.
The cocks in their hands bounce wildly, and an eruption of cum hits the two girls.
Seraphina "Nghhhhh, nghhhh, nghhhh... pahhhhh, ahhhhh, ahhhh, more... More cum, bahhhh, muah, muah... nghhhh!"
Eleonora "Pahhhh, haghhhh, kmnghhhh! Unghhh, nghhh, nghhhhh... give me all of your cum... hnn!"
Spllllrrrrrrt! Gshhhhh, bshhhhh! Bshhhhhh, bshhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Nahhhhhhhhhhh! Aghhhhhhhhh, ngh, nghhhhhh... nghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Eleonora "Nghhhhhh! Give me, nghh, your cum too... Hghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
The endless stream of cum pours in and on the Goddess and the bishop as they both have powerful orgasms.
Seraphina "Ngh, nghh, nghh... glggg, ngh... pahhh... nghh, hahhh... You shot your thick cum at me... The flavor... ngh, is so delicious..."
Eleonora "Hahhh, ngh, hahh... ngh, nghhh, glggg... hnnn, pahhhh, hahhh... I can feel all of your piousness... ahhh, I can feel it clinging to my throat... Hahahaha..."
The two of them are covered in cum. It's not just the cum shot into their mouths, but also the cum shot in their faces and body. They scoop that cum up and stick it into their mouths.
The men look at the obscene sight through bloodshot eyes. They're very pleased.
Seraphina "Hahaha... But it's a pity if it's just us, right? Everybody else gathers around..."
Eleonora "Yes, Lady Seraphina... Hahahaha, we need to return the favor..."
They smile alluringly and grab each other's cum-drenched hands.
The men that were pushed into the church groan with excitement.
Seraphina "Ngh, ahhh... Then come forward..."
Eleonora "Haha... Please shower us in a lot of jizz... nghhh..."
The two of them thrust their hips forward, putting all of their strengths into their crotch.
Splllllrrrrrt, bshhhh! Pshhhhhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Ahhhhhh, nghhhh, ahhhh! We'll piss on all of you!"
Eleonora "Ahhhhhhhhh! Ahhhh, please feel full of vigor thanks to our piss!"
The two of them shoot a powerful stream of piss while feeling pleasure at being watched.
The men push their faces and hands out toward it.
It is said that drinking the piss of the Goddess and the bishop can extend one's life.
Seraphina "I'm still pissing! I'll piss more! Nahhhhhh!"
Eleonora "Me too...! Ah, ah, nahhhhhhhh!"
Seraphina and Eleonora both shake their hips, spreading their piss around.
The men that are showered in it voice their gratitude.
Seraphina "Ahhhhh, nghhh... hahahahaha, Lady Eleonora..."
Eleonora "Ahhhhhh, ahhh, yes... Lady Seraphina... nghhh..."
Seraphina is the symbol of their Service Nation's church and the embodiment of the Goddess.
Her most loyal bishop is Eleonora.
The two of them work together to spread the teachings of the Service Nation.
............
......
...
#05_har009
Several days later...
The man is awakened early in the morning to an abnormal amount of bustle.
Traveler "W-What!? What in the world is going on!?"
The street outside his lodging is filled with people.
He can tell from just a look that the people are flowing slowly to the town square in the center of the capital.
Traveler "Hey, wait, what's happening?"
Man "Huh? Did you sleep in? Today is the anniversary of the formation of the Service Nation!"
Traveler "Ahhh!? I see!"
Last night, we were all talking about it at the brothel, but it seems that I drank too much, and it slipped out of my head.
In the Service Nation, they have a festival to commemorate the founding of the country. This would be his first experience with it.
In other words, today all of the girls in the Service Nation must perform sexual service for men.
With no relation to standing or origin. It is a day for all girls to serve men. It is the day that commemorates the founding of the Service Nation.
Traveler "Down that way is..."
Man "Hey, you'll be able to sleep with top-rate whores that you don't normally get to see for free!"
Traveler "That's too incredible!"
The man still drunk and drowsy pushes that all to the side and immediately gets into line.
He waits with no sight of the front of the line.
At the front of the line...
#05_har010h_har08
Iris "Ahhhhhhhh, ahhh, goooood! Grind your rock-hard dick against my cervix... hnn! Nghhhhhh!"
Luka "Nahhhhh, ahhh, there! Please plow my uterus!"
Iris's body is covered jizz. She is moaning and being pounded from behind. Luka is also moaning on the opposite side of her.
Luka's brown skin is covered in so much cum that it has become white. Each time his dick thrusts into her, the cum that's already been shot inside of her gushes back out.
Iris "Nghhhh, this cock is incredible! Nahh, ahhh, it's spreading deep into my cunt, kahhhh, ahhh, nghhhhhh!"
Iris's lustrous hair is sticky with cum. Her hair shakes as she writhes.
A similar scene occurs all across the town square. The town square is a wild battle between girls from throughout the Service Nation.
The noble ancient high elf, the knight who served her, the former empress, the dark elf known as the legendary whore, the leader of the foxfolk...
...the half-elf from the Black Dog Mercenaries, the powerful mage, the bishop, and the halfling...
They're all drowning in similar pleasures.
Man A "Hey, this cunt is loose! What a shitty half-elf! Tighten your pussy more to show your gratefulness to the human cock inside of you!"
Luka "Hahhh, ahhhh! I'm sorry, I'll tighten my cunt! Nghhhh, khhhhhh! Ahhh, how's that!? Nahhhhh!"
Luka focuses strength into her crotch as she squeezes her own tits hard. The pleasure of squeezing her own tits makes her pussy constrict.
He thrusts deeper into her tightened hole, and Luka moans loudly from the strengthened pleasure.
Man B "Hey, are you going to lose to a half-elf? Wouldn't that be a disgrace to your name as a knight?"
Iris "Nghhhh, ahhhhhh! I-I get it, nghh, khhh... I'll tighten my cunt more too... Nghhhh! Ahhh, this is----nghhh!"
Man B "Ohhh, that's right! It's good!"
Iris "Kahhhhhh! Ahhhhh, good! Me too! It feels good! My cunt is already burning!"
Iris squeezes her tit with her sword hand as she feels drunker and drunker on the pleasure that the cock brings her.
Mel Mel "Bahhhh, sckkkkk, gmfffff, mghhhh! Pahhh, pahhhh, ahhh, there's so much cock! Nahhhh!"
Mel Mel's small body is getting fucked by three men at the same time.
Cocks are balls deep inside her pussy, anus, and mouth.
Mel Mel's tiny holes are pushed open to the point of tearing.
Man C "Hey, how's that!? You're feeling it most inside of your asshole, right?"
Man D "No, it's got to be your throat, right!? Look at how she's sucking me off in such a pleased manner!"
Mel Mel "Sckkkkk, sckkkkk, bahhh, nghhhhh! Sckkkkkkkk, sckkkkkkkk!"
Mel Mel "Pahhh, hahhhh! I love all of your cocks! I like having my asshole ground against, and my uterus being fucked!"
Mel Mel "Of course, I also love having my throat fucked! Mmm, nghhh, bah, muah!"
The walls of her pussy are shredded from the cocks on both sides. They keep hitting her uterus as she sucks another man's cock down her throat.
Breathing has gotten difficult for now, but she only really feels the pleasure.
Astrid "Nahhh, nghh, nghhh, hanghhhh! How's that? My tits can make you feel as good as a cunt, right?"
Kohaku "Kahhhh, ahhh, ngh, nahhh! Your, nghhh, ahhh, cock is trembling between my boobs! Ohhh, your cock is hot!"
Astrid and Kohaku are having their pussies and asses fucked mercilessly. At the same time, they pleasure other men with their huge tits.
They support their voluptuous breasts from below with their own arms, greeting cocks between them.
In their empty hands, they jerk off the cocks of other men.
Man E "Khhhh, incredible! They aren't just big! It's like they're sucking on my cock! This is really like fucking a cunt!"
Astrid "Ahhhhh, anghhh, it's good! Use my boobs as a cunt more! Ahhh, that's right! Twist my nipples and fuck me!"
Kohaku "Ohhhhhh, I can't take it...! You're fucking my tits so fast I can feel it in my uterus!"
Man F "Hey, what are you doing being the only one getting off!? Squeeze those huge tits together more!"
Man G "You're neglecting your hands! Don't let go of my cock even if you'll die!"
Kohaku "Nghhhhh! I-I got it, anghhhhh! I-I'll bring my boobs together more! I'll even rub my, ahhh, nipples against you! Ahhhhhh!"
Astrid "Nahhhhhh! Me too, ahhhh! My nipples are erect. Once again shove your cock into them! Ahhhh, hnghhhhhh!"
Kohaku and Astrid both cry out in pleasure as their boobs are used as a fuck hole.
And in another corner...
Man H "Hey, don't just let yourself feel good, pleasure me the bishop more! You cow!"
Ladomira "Nahhhhhh! Ohhhhh, I-I'm sorry! Ahhh, ickkk, ickkk, muah, sckkk, sckkkkk! Ahhhh, nahhhhhh!"
Eleonora "Ahhhh, that's good, Lady Ladomira! Lick my clit more... hanghhhh! Ahhhh, you're good at that, ah, ahhhhhhhh!"
Eleonora "When you lick me like that, ahhhh! My cunt tightens more, bringing his cock pleasure, nahhhh!"
A large man is fucking Eleonora.
Ladomira is also getting fucked from behind as she desperately licks Eleonora's crotch.
She twists her tongue around Eleonora's revealed clit in response to Eleonora's desires, sucking on it powerfully.
Ladomira "Muah, muah, muah, sckkk! Pahhh, ahhh, ahhhhh! If my uterus gets fucked like that, I can't----!"
Man H "Enough excuses, cow! Hey, I'm going to punish you!"
Ladomira "Nghhhhhh, anghhh, hnghhhhh! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Lckkk, lckkk, muah, muah, sckkkk!"
Ladomira's ass gets smacked as she's fucked. The pain makes her cry as her body trembles from the pleasure.
She grips the guy's cock harder while digging her face into Eleonora's crotch. Her own face is covered in Eleonora's juices.
Eleonora "Ahhhhhh! It's incredible! It's not just cock... even Lady Ladomira's tongue... anghhhh!"
The man fucking Eleonora shakes his body to dig his cock deeper into Eleonora's cramped hole.
Seraphina "Nahhhhhhh! Lady Mistiora! When you move like that, ahhh, I----! Ahhh, it's good! Please thrust more into my uterus!"
Mistiora "Ughhhh, kahhh, hahhh, hahhhh! Your pleasure is conveyed to my uterus... kahhhh! Ahhh, ahhhhhhhh!"
The fair-skinned ancient high elf and the pure-blooded brown-skinned dark elf are embracing one another.
They're getting fucked in the ass from behind while a double-ended dildo connects the two via their pussies.
When one of their asses is plowed deeply, those movements send pleasure to the other girl's pussy.
Seraphina "Anghhhh, I feel pleasure... from both Lady Mistiora's cunt... and my own asshole! Ahhhhh, the pleasure is hitting me on the inside!"
It's not just the men fucking them but the men watching that also reach the tops of their pleasure.
Man I "Shit, I can't take it any longer! I'm going to make you cum!"
Seraphina "Ahhhhhh! Yes, please make me cum! Please pour your cum into my asshole! Please fill my ass up with your spunk!"
Mistiora "Nahhhhh! Ahhh, me too! Make me cum! Hey, squeeze out my cum with your asshole! Nghhh, kahhh, haghhhh!"
Man J "Oh, ohhhhhhhhh!"
The men roar as they plow Mistiora and Seraphina's anus.
The two noble elves feel the force through the double-ended dildo, their naked bodies dancing because of it.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhh, bshhhhhh!")
Seraphina "Nghhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh, it's hot! Cum inside of my asshole!"
Mistiora "Ohhhhhhhhh, I'm cumming too! The pleasure is exploding inside my uterus and my asshole... Ah, ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Seraphina and Mistiora embrace tightly as though saying they can no longer let one another go as they reach an intense climax.
Eleonora "Hahhhhhh, ahhhh, I'm going to cum... Khnghhhhhhhhh! Ahhhh, I'm cumming from being cum inside of while my pussy is getting eaten out!"
Ladomira "Pahhhhhh! Ah, anghhhhh! I'm being cum inside of too... Ahhh, my face is also getting covered in jizz, and that's making me cum!"
At about the same time as Eleonora reaches climax, Ladomira once again screams orgasmically over the cum shooting inside of her.
Her face is showered in the jizz coming out of Eleonora's pussy.
Astrid "Nahhhhhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming from having my boobs fucked!"
Kohaku "Anghhhhh, cum more onto and into me! Please fill the valley between my boobs with your cum!"
Reaching orgasm, Astrid and Kohaku stretch their bodies out as they're sprayed with cum from the pulsating cocks between their breasts.
Mel Mel "Nghhhhhhh! Nghhh, nghhhhhh! I'm cumming! There's cum in all of my holes... Nghhhhhh!"
Mel Mel has also been pushed to orgasm again as her pussy, anus, and throat are all filled with cum.
The pleasure is so great that her mind goes blank, but her three holes constrict, squeezing the cum out of the men's cocks.
Luka "Nahhhhhhhhh! I'm having an anal orgasm1 Nahhhhh, ahhh, it's good having cum shot inside of me!"
Luka "I'm cumming! I'm cumming from having jizz in my half-elf pussy!"
Iris "Ah, ahhhhhhh, ahhhhhhh! Me too! I'm cumming too! Ahhhhh, I'm cumming from having semen shot into my uterus!"
Iris "Nahhhh! Even though I'll get pregnant, I'm cumming... hnnn, from having jizz shot into my uterus!"
Both Iris and Luka's pussies undulate to squeeze every last drop out of the cocks inside as they are pushed to the most intense orgasm.
Iris "Ahhhh... nghh, hahhh... ahhh, jizz, nghh, is shooting into my uterus... Nghhhhh..."
Luka "Ahhhh, ahhh... Thank you for cumming inside of me... Anghhhh..."
The square is filled with the thick scent of jizz.
The girls are covered both inside and out in cum as they invite more men over.
Mel Mel "Hey... Fuck me one more time. I'll pay for it..."
Astrid "Ahhh, nghh... I wonder what kind of cock will fuck my boobs next?"
Iris "Ahh... I want my ass... No, I want all of my holes to be fucked next..."
Traveler "It's incredible... It's too incredible!"
The traveler finally enters the town square. He is shocked by the scene before him.
And he enters happily and bravely, knowing that it's his turn.
After that, there is no tale that he ever fulfilled his ambitions to move up in the world.
The continent of Serenus is the largest and only continent in this world.
The large country in the vast north is the Nigramstian Empire.
But that country is hardly ever called by that name which means Black Creature.
That country is always called...
...the Service Nation.
It was founded 150 years ago by the Mercenary King, Vult.
It is a country of pleasure and madness founded on the principle that all women must sexually service men.
After Derek Rondo became the new leader, the Service Nation steadily annexed the neighboring nations, expanding their reach.
The Service Nation consumed the country of beastmen, the lands of mages, and other historic countries. The light of their vice now shines across the continent.
#10_app002h
Mistiora fell into a goblin's trap and lost her purity and with it her right to be queen. She was chased from the land of the dark elves.
Mistiora lived in a forest close to Svartl in the north. No human or any other race should be able to get to her.
Relying on the wisdom that Olga once taught her, she moved around quietly, never meeting anyone.
And several years passed like that.
Lumberjack "Oh? Oh? Lady, what are you doing out here? Are you really alone?"
Mistiora "Hnn...!?"
Mistiora's legs freeze before the man who suddenly appeared from the brush.
In the land of the dark elves, humans... especially men, are considered dirty and obscene creatures.
Lumberjack "That skin and those ears... Could you really be a dark elf!? Why are you in a place like this again...? I-Is there something wrong with the adults? Are they nearby?"
Mistiora "............"
The man acts as though he's found a wild animal cub before Mistiora as she stands stiff in fear without saying a thing. He carelessly tries to approach her.
And looking at Mistiora's shabby appearance, an idea comes to his mind.
Lumberjack "You're still so young, though... How unfortunate... If you'd like I can give you some afternoon bread. I'll just leave it here, okay?"
After the man leaves, she cautiously picks up the bundle he left behind. There really is just bread and cheese in there.
She wonders how many years it has been since she's seen food made by people instead of nuts and fruits.
Someone has been kind to her...
The next day he also leaves behind bread in the same spot.
The day after that, Mistiora gazes at the lumberjack from behind a tree as he sets the bread upon a stump.
He notices Mistiora right away, but he just smiles at her.
Mistiora is momentarily bewildered... She smiles back with great hesitation.
But she didn't notice that his eyes opened wide involuntarily at that time.
The following day...
Mistiora has been waiting for the man next to the stump where he left the bread.
Today, she will thank him.
Mistiora noticed something upon meeting the lumberjack and feeling his kindness.
That is that living alone is really lonely...
Mistiora "Ah, umm...!"
That day, Mistiora appeared and called out to the lumberjack, he opened his eyes wide in surprise.
Mistiora's heart rate quickens from nervousness. She awkwardly smiles at the lumberjack.
Mistiora "Ah, umm... thank you... for always..."
Lumberjack "Hnn...!!"
But the man acts in a way she did not expect. He doesn't smile back at her. His bloodshot eyes just open wider.
Mistiora "Eh...? Ah, ummm... hnnn... Are you okay...?"
Lumberjack "Hahhh, hah, hahh... What's this...? Khhh... hnnn!"
Mistiora "Ah, umm... are you in pain...? Err, umm... hnn..."
He gazes at Mistiora while hunched over, covering his belly.
Mistiora is pushed to tears at the sight of him writhing.
Mistiora "I'm sorry... I can't do anything... But, ummm... hnnn... kyahhhh!?"
In great worry, she goes to at least rub his back, but her arm is suddenly grabbed.
Mistiora is pushed down onto a large tree stump.
Lumberjack "Ghhh! M-My body won't listen to me... hnn!"
Mistiora "N-No!? Let go! Why!? Why all of a sudden are you...!?"
Lumberjack "Hahh, hahhh, isn't it all your fault!? Even though you're still so young, you entice adults with those alluring eyes... hnn! Khhhh!"
Mistiora "Hghhhh... hnnn!? Ahhh, I...!"
Mistiora stops herself from saying that she didn't do that.
Before she was chased away from her home, she remembers cursing herself. She cursed herself for defiling her precious womb and sinking into pleasure.
The curse makes men attracted to her regardless of her will to do so.
Mistiora (This is all the fault of my curse...!? Because of my curse, this man has become like this!?)
Mistiora "N-Nooooooooo...!!"
She screams loudly at this horrifying truth.
The man's hands loosen for a moment, shocked by her scream. She takes this moment to run deep into the forest.
Mistiora cries as she runs desperately from the voice chasing after her.
She had not met a person before now, so she thought her curse had no effect.
But for it to have changed even such a kind man...
She sobs while running desperately... Mistiora doesn't notice that she is running toward a road she normally would never approach.
Like a baby rabbit being chased by a wolf, Mistiora just runs as fast as she can until suddenly her mouth is covered by a hairy hand, and she is picked up.
Mistiora "Kyahhhhhhh!? No, let go! Let go...!"
She screams desperately, flailing her limbs, but it is meaningless...
Mercenary "Master, look what I found when I was taking a piss. She's a little girl, but she looks like quite the piece of ass."
A luxurious cart is stopped at the opening of the forest. A merchant with a dark look in his eyes is surveying the area and with him is a band of mercenaries to protect him.
Mistiora is violently thrown to the ground, and the men surround her.
Slave Trader "This is...! Isn't she a pure-blooded dark elf!? What a terrific find!!"
Slave Trader "Let me give you a reward! Everybody else, check to make sure that there aren't any others in the forest!! Of course, if you find any, I'll give you a reward!"
Mercenaries "Alright!"
The mercenaries quickly run toward the forest Mistiora was in.
Mistiora (W-What...? What are these people...?)
Mistiora shrinks away at the considerably different vibe from the earlier lumberjack.
There is a darkness in their eyes as they smile and chat.
Slave Trader "I'm a slave trader. How much profit will you make me...? Shall we appraise the new merchandise first?"
Mistiora "Eh...? N-No... Nooooooooooo!"
#RP_append_01
Mistiora "Hhh... uh, uhhhh...! Please stop... Let go of my hand..."
In the shade of the cart, the mercenaries hold down Mistiora's slender limbs and tear off her crude clothing.
Her still undeveloped breasts and her hitherto unexposed to anybody crotch are all exposed before the obscene men.
Slave Trader "Oh...? Her arms and legs are quite slender, but aren't her breasts and ass wonderful?"
Mercenary A "Her cunt's still young. There ain't even any hair down there. It's completely smooth."
Mercenary B "It's strange. Her skin is black, but her cunt is a beautiful light pink."
Mistiora "Hnn...! St-Stop it already... Don't look..."
Their unrestrained gaze crawls all over her breasts, ass, and crotch as though licking it up.
Her face burns with shame, and her eyes get damp with tears.
Mistiora tries to somehow close her legs and hide her crotch with her hand, but all she can do is struggle in the face of the thick arms holding her down.
Slave Trader "The appearance is good, but how does it feel? You, have some fun with her."
Mistiora "Hhh... N-No... Stop...! Please don't touch me! Nghhh, khhh, kffff... hnn..."
As soon as the slave trader speaks, Mistiora's gorgeous body is groped by the men.
Their rugged fingers squeeze her breasts as though to check their quality.
Mistiora "Nghhhhh...! It hurts... Hnn... P-Please... I'll cook or clean!"
Mistiora blinks rapidly in surprise as her pinned limbs struggle, but the only thing she can do is move her neck from side to side.
However, her weak attempts to resist just light the fires of lust brighter inside their hearts.
He smiles vulgarly, squeezing her soft breasts roughly with his large hand.
Each time his thick, calloused fingers rub against her soft skin, it hurts as if a rough file were being rubbed against her. She feels a heat welling up from deep inside her body.
Mistiora "Khnghhhh! Hahhh... Stop... No, I'm afraid... Ah, no... nghhh!"
Thick, caterpillar-like fingers pinch up on the tiny nipple from one of her breasts, crushing it between her fingers.
When her nipples are twisted like that, an ache flows through her like a sweet poison, and she writhes about.
Mistiora (W-Why...!? Even though I don't like this... even though I'm afraid... why is my chest getting hot... hnnn, and my crotch aching...!?)
After being gang-raped by goblins, Mistiora has spent several years without any sexual activity.
She thought that her body had returned to a pure state over that time, but it seems that she was greatly mistaken.
Her starved body reacts sensitively to the forceful caress, and she takes the pleasure greedily as though she's been waiting a long time.
Mistiora "Hanghh, hahhh! Hangh, no... hahhh, it hurts, but... hahhh! Ahhhh, hahhh... nahhhhh... hnnn!"
The pleasure she has not felt in a long time makes her blood run faster, and her hot blood is concentrated on her vitals.
Her tiny nipples stand on end, and her crotch burns.
Mercenary C "Heheh, you say that it hurts, but aren't your nipples already erect!? Do you like it rough?"
Mercenary B "Look! Your tiny little clit is getting erect!"
Mistiora "Hyanghhh!? Nghhh, ah, ahhhh, don't touch there... Not my crotch! Anghhhhh!"
The mercenary's rough hands finger her pussy, making Mistiora's slender hips bounce.
The mercenary's rugged fingers pinch at the base of her still-sheathed clit, twisting them.
A chill of pleasure so great that she forgets to breathe runs up her spine, and she throws her hair wildly as she writhes.
Mistiora "Nghhhhhh, ahhhhhh! It feels numb there... Anghhhhh! Help... Please... Somebody, ahhhh! Anybody!"
Mercenary A "Heheh, anybody? That's cute. Nobody is going to come to save you from that forest, though!"
The men laugh as they continue to pin Mistiora's limbs.
And all of them breathe in unison as they start to pinch and twist her nipples and exposed clit.
Mistiora "Ahhhh! No, no, not all at once like that... Hahhh, ah, ahhh, ahhh! No, hahhh, nghhh!"
Mistiora "N-No... don't touch me! Hanghhh! No, nooooo! Ahhhhh...!!"
Beads of sweat run down her brown skin from the pleasure being forced into her.
The forced pleasure toys with Mistiora. She can see the cruelty and sadism inside of the men's eyes.
They are drunk on the pleasure of torturing one that is so small and weak.
Just as she had heard in her home, humans are vile creatures.
Mistiora (Nobody will save me... If this keeps up, I'll... experience that same thing again... It'll be like when I was fucked by those goblins in the forest... These men are going to... hnnn!)
The memories of her horrific rape are brought back to her, and goosebumps cover her entire body.
Or that's what should happen...
Mistiora "Hahhh, hahh, hahhh... nghhhh..."
The memories of the rape don't make Mistiora's body feel cold but just heat up all the more.
Her whole body gets hotter in anticipation of the maddening pleasure to come. Her sacred womb aches.
Mistiora (Why...? Why is my body like this...? Even though I don't like it... even though I didn't like it... M-My body is... hot!)
Her body trembles, and she feels hot juices flowing out of her crotch immediately.
Mercenary C "Oh, she smells like a bitch in heat. Ain't this smooth brat's cunt gushing with juices?"
Mercenary B "It looks like she wants her slit filled."
Mistiora wants to cry as she is exposed to the vulgar smiles of the men.
Mistiora "Hahhhh, nghhh, no, that's wrong! It's not that...! Don't touch me anymore! Let go!?"
Mistiora "Nghhhhhh!? Nahhhh, ahhhh, nghhh, hahhhhh!"
The back of Mistiora's head rubs against the cart, and her back arches intensely as she writhes.
The fingers that are tracing at her crotch poke up on the pink hood that normally covers her clit and starts to rub against her hard, exposed clit with another finger.
Mistiora "Augh, augh! No, hhh, hnghhhh! Stop it, augh!"
She feels pins and needles as her clit seems to grow in size, and heat spreads from her crotch to her brain.
And as though her nipples and clit are connected by a thread, the stimulation to her breasts and the stimulation to her clit echo back and forth causing the pleasure to swell out of control.
Mistiora's eyes open wide, and she writhes so violently on the cart that the boards creak.
Mistiora "Hanghhhh, ahhhh! Nahhhh, nooo, let me go... Let me go, hghhh, hhhhh! Nghhhhhh!"
Suddenly, Mistiora hears applause as her body twists in ravenous pleasure as she is pinned down by the mercenaries.
The slave trader claps his hands elated as he gazes at Mistiora writhing.
Slave Trader "You're so sensitive. Then, shall we check on the condition of her cunt?"
The merchant turns her head arrogantly and makes the mercenary with his hand on her crotch switch places.
Mistiora "Hhh!? W-Wait... hnn... Don't stick that in there... Aughhh! Nghhhhh!"
The slave trader's hands are covered in many rings. He coats them in a kind of oil and sticks his finger in her pussy.
His rough finger mercilessly pushes open her closed pussy, invading her body.
The foreign sensation and pain cause Mistiora's head to shake in humiliation.
Mistiora "I-It hurts! Pull it out!"
Slave Trader "Oh, you don't have a hymen, huh...? Even though you're a brat, the fact that you're used goods lowers your value slightly."
The slave trader carefully traces the inside of her pussy with his finger.
His knobby fingers and the bumpy rings rub roughly against the silky lining of her pussy.
Mistiora "Aghhhh! Aghhhhh! Nghhhhhhh!! Stop! It hurts! Don't move!"
Slave Trader "Oh... But it's so tight! Do you know how to pleasure a man even though you're a child!?"
Mistiora "N-No... Nahhh! Ahhh, I... I...!"
Mistiora resists the man's violence as she tries to respond.
At that time, he twists his wrist, and a ring with a large gemstone pushes against the roof of Mistiora's pussy.
The unspeakably sweet ache and powerlessness swell in her crotch and Mistiora moans.
Mistiora "Anghhhh, hahhh, ahhh! Not, ah, there! Anghhhh, nghhhhhh!"
Even though she doesn't intend it, she opens her legs, pressing her crotch up against him.
Transparent juices gush out of her slit, and the trade slaver's plump fingers and his gaudy rings glint from it.
Slave Trader "You're quite the specimen. In that case, you'd make for a good whore...!"
Mistiora "Hahhh, anghhh, nghhh, huh...? Eh, what... do you mean...? Ahhhh, nahhh, you just keep touching there! Hnghhh!"
Mistiora's pussy makes noises as she moans in bewilderment.
The home that Mistiora was born and raised in is composed of only female dark elves. She has no knowledge of what a whore is.
When she was told she'd be sold to the goblins, she felt vast amounts of fear, but she didn't really understand what they meant.
The mercenaries laugh loudly at Mistiora.
Mercenary B "You're a little slow, brat! You are going to take thousands of cocks in that hole now!"
Mistiora "Eh? Huh...? N-No... Hahhh! Don't move your finger! Ahhhhh, ahhhhhhhh!"
He pulls hard on her sensitive bits. She is pressed with intense pleasure, burning up the back of her neck.
Mistiora "Ahhhhhh, that's bad! Ah, my head... is going black... I don't know what's happening... hnnn!"
Mistiora's small body is enveloped in orgasmic waves. As soon as that happens, the slave trader pulls his finger out roughly.
Mistiora "Nahh... hnnn! Hahhhhh, ahhhhh...! Kffff, nahhhh, hahhhh... hnn!"
On top of the cart, Mistiora pants, pulling her tussled hair into her mouth. The mercenaries stare at her.
Mercenary A "Even though she's a brat, she got a slutty look to her that'd put any whore to shame."
Slave Trader "It appears so. Shall I use this to thoroughly check you deep inside? If I don't damage you, you won't mind if I thrust it in, right?"
Mistiora's body trembles as he shows her his thick erection which doesn't fit the slave trader's weak-looking body.
Mistiora (Hnn... He's going to p-put that inside of me...? It's so much bigger than when I was with the goblins... isn't it...?)
Mistiora (No, it's not just bigger. It's also much thicker... No, I'm afraid...!)
It has been several years since she's seen a penis. Not since that horrific day.
The shape and color are different from the goblin who stole her virginity, but it seems to be at least twice the size.
Mistiora (That person... has really gotten that big f-from looking at me...?)
Gazing around her, the other men's crotches are all just as erect.
Male musk spreads through the horse cart... It should be a foul stench, but it makes Mistiora feel like dozens of insects are crawling around inside her body, and her breathing gets rough.
Mistiora (Why...? Why is my heart racing...? Did my body fall for this at that time...?)
The slave trader places his body over hers.
Mistiora "N-Nooo! Stop! Please! Please...! I don't want this! Let me go already... hnnn!"
She is not afraid of being raped.
She is afraid that she will forget herself from the pleasure of being raped. That is why Mistiora seeks desperately to be released.
The slave trader doesn't speak. He just laughs while thrusting his audaciously thick cock into her.
Mistiora "Nghhhhhhh! Kahhhhhh, aghhhhh! Ahhhhh, ahhhhhhh, nahhhhhhhhh!!"
Mistiora's beautiful body bounces wildly as soon as she's penetrated.
At the same time, transparent juices squirt out of her hole to show her joy at being penetrated. It is launched forcefully into the air.
Mistiora "You're in me... Khhhhh!? Aghhhh, your big cock is deep inside of me... hnn! Ah, aghhh... nghhhh, nahhhhhhh...!"
His dick feels much bigger than what she felt in her pussy several years ago.
The foreign presence, pressure, pain at having her insides torn... and an overwhelming pleasure comes over her.
It feels so good that it makes her feel that she has been waiting for this for a long time.
The explosive pleasure inside of her hits her suddenly at the instant of her penetration. The tip of her clit, her nipples, and her whole body thrash wildly.
Slave Trader "Hahahah! You came just from being penetrated! You're such a slut. You are a born whore...!"
The slave trader bends forward as he spreads her pussy open and goes in and out of her pussy.
Each time his penis grinds against the walls of her pussy, inside of Mistiora's head, white lights spark, and a small orgasmic wave pushes down on her.
Mistiora "Stop, hghh... Noooo, pull out! Release me already, ghhh, snfff... hghhhh! Unghhh, nahhh, ahhhhh!"
Mistiora sobs as she urges him to stop.
They show no guilt in their eyes at her pathetic sight.
Mercenary B "This brat is crying while getting off on it!"
Mercenary C "Hahahahah, his cock feels so good it has made her cry!"
The slave trader plows Mistiora's pussy with large movements to flaunt it to the mercenaries.
Mistiora's pussy is still unripe, but her pussy moves and sucks on the slave trader's cock like a well-trained whore.
Slave Trader "Khhh... It's really tight... Oh, ohhh... There are so many folds... Ohhhh!"
Mercenary A "Is it that good?"
Slave Trader "It's so tight! Her folds are clinging to me...! Ohhh, she really is a pure-blood! She's got an amazing cunt!"
The slave trader twists his hips in and out, left and right. Mistiora's sexual desires are enticed by the rubbing against her pussy's walls.
Every corner of her pussy is rubbed with his dick. The walls in her slit wriggle on both the left and the right.
Mistiora "Hahhh... ghhh, hghhh... hnnn! I don't want it any longer... Ahhhh, I don't like it there, hhh, nghhhh...!"
Slave Trader "Khhh! I followed my premonition and changed our route, but... this is a great blessing! Thanks to that, we were able to find a great product!"
Mistiora's whole body shudders in surprise and not pleasure at the man's words through his pleasured groans and thrusts.
She wonders if perhaps these men were drawn here by her curse...
If that were the case, even if she could escape from these men...
Mistiora "No, don't do that...!"
Even if she had stayed hidden, men would have been drawn to her cursed body.
Now that she has caught the eyes of men once, no matter where she goes, she will be caught and raped by men.
Slave Trader "Ahhhh, she has incredible value. Let me check the condition just a little longer...!"
The slave trader licks his lips and increased the speed of his pounding.
Mistiora "Nghhhh, unghhh, nahhhhhh! Ah, ahhhhh, hnghhh, hahhhh! Ahhhh, oh, you're... going so deep!"
The slave trader pounds her with lots of power despite his weak body.
His audacious thick cock pushes open her tiny pussy, trampling over the fine walls of it. The entrance to her pussy to the deepest reaches of it is fucked roughly.
Mistiora "Hahhh, hahhh! Hnghhh! Don't slam into me like that! Ahhhh, hyanghhhh!"
He just moves roughly to stroke his cock with her vagina so that he can cum, but Mistiora's pussy constricts powerfully from the pleasure of being rubbed.
When he thrusts up into her uterus, the pleasure is so great that she sees spots, and her lower body flails about. At the same time, her aroused pussy pulls the cock further in.
Sweat, tears, and drool cover her pretty face. Her disheveled silver hair clings to her face... The men start to breathe roughly as though excited by her wretched appearance. The heat within the cart increases.
Mercenary B "Heheh, I'll make you feel more pleasure!"
The mercenaries once again start to caress her body.
In time with the slave trader's movements, they rub her breasts and pinch her nipples.
Mistiora "Stop...! If you do that to my boobs----hghhh! My crotch feels funny... Nghhhh, hahhh, aghhhhhhh!"
Mistiora "Stop... I don't like this! I don't want to feel any more pleasure...! Don't make me feel pleasure, ahhh, nahhhhh!"
The pleasure is enough to cause goosebumps to spread over her entire body. Mistiora shakes her head in fear. It feels as though she is being consumed by something.
Perhaps close to ejaculating, the man plunges his cock, covered in pussy juice, deep into her, slamming the hard head into her cervix. His hips tremble slightly as he holds that position.
Mistiora "Nhyaaaaah! Y-You're, hyah, plowing me so deeply... I'm breaking... Noooo, aghhh, nahhhhhh!"
Every time the hard head of his cock hits her deep inside and rubs against her, she is hit with enough pleasure to make her mind feel distant. Mistiora's limbs tremble from it.
She scratches at the cart with her fingertips.
Mistiora "Noooo, no, nooo, nooooo! Hhhh, hnghhh! Aughhh, no, something is coming!!"
Slave Trader "Yes, good...! I'll cum inside of you two... So you will cum while I do!"
The slave trader says that before once against thrusting his cock with great force.
The engorged head of his cock grinds against Mistiora's cervix. In that instant, an intense heat like a burning flame wells up inside of her abdomen.
Mistiora "Stop! Stop! Stop! I don't want this! It's hot! I don't like it! Aghhh, anghhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
The rod trembles deep inside Mistiora. A hot white load is shot all over her cervix.
The feeling of the cum spreading through her vagina and the heat of it force Mistiora to orgasm as well.
Mistiora "Kahhhhh, augh! Nghhhh, hnghhhh! Hghhhh, nghhhhhhhh!"
Her beautiful body bounces from the orgasmic feeling burning every nerve in her body.
Her slender thighs spasm, and a torrent of transparent juices erupts forcefully from her.
Mistiora "Hahhh, it's hot! I'm afraid... Hhhhh! Hyahhhhh... anghhhh! Nahhh, ahhhh!"
Her legs thrust forward. Her thighs are full of strength as her engorged pussy squeezes tight. It squeezes around his cock, enticing it to cum every last possible drop.
The forceful ejaculation fills up her pussy right away, and cum gushes back out of her pussy.
Having lost half of her senses due to the intense pleasure, Mistiora's pussy undulates and continues to squeeze the semen from his cock.
Mistiora "Hahhh, hyah... ah... ah... gah..."
Mistiora (M-My belly... is full... of hot fluid... Ah, ah... My eyes are spinning...)
The slave trader breathes roughly after finishing his long ejaculation. He looks down at Mistiora. She is completely out of breath.
Slave Trader "Keheh, it seems you've squeezed out every last drop..."
Slave Trader "This dark elf will surely make a great whore... Anybody in the country would want her..."
Mistiora "Ahhh... nghhh, ahhhh... hnnn..."
Mistiora can no longer hear what the slave trader says.
Her pussy just continues to squeeze tightly on his cock.
............
......
...
#10_app003h
After that, Mistiora is taken by the slave trader to the most prosperous nation and sold to the greatest brothel.
The capable madame looks down at Mistiora, who is terrified, and she speaks coldly to her.
Madame "Just because you're a dark elf doesn't mean that you can just be put up for sale. First, you need to learn the techniques of sexual service."
Mistiora "N-No... I can't...!"
Madame "Next, is the whip. If you don't want that, then your body had best learn what to do. You will fuck."
Mistiora "N-Nooo, let go! Let goooo!!"
She desperately resists to not lose her pride as a dark elf, but her slender frame cannot defend against the robust guards that are employed.
Mistiora is forced to learn sexual techniques and pleasure from countless men's hands, mouths, and cocks. In addition, she also is brought such pleasure by women's hands.
And when she is alone with her exhausted body, she cries.
Mistiora (Snff, snfff... Why must I live through this awfulness...?)
Mistiora (I can... no longer endure this...)
She wonders if it would be preferable to die.
Once she is captured by desperate thoughts, she remembers Olga's kind smile.
Mistiora (Sister... I will meet you once again... The day will come when I've paid off my sin...)
Mistiora "When I'm released... Sister, once again...)"
That is the only thing that keeps Mistiora in good spirits as she walks the path of a whore.
Time passes, and Mistiora grows passed looking like a child. Her reputation spreads far and wide.
The scarcity of dark elves, her beautiful face, her refined manner, and her excellent technique...
More than all of that, the power of the curse that draws men to her has made her name spread far and wide.
As a whore, she brought prosperity to her brothel. After the wealthy made use of her, many nobles and heroes sought her, clashing blades and shedding blood.
And there was a time when she acted as the lover of a minister from the easter, and another time she was used as a toy by a noble to the south. She was not just limited to the plains of Eos... She went to countries all around...
Mistiora learned of a rumor herself.
A demon army led by Olga is in a war with the Seven Shield's Alliance.
Mistiora's heart experiences joy over finally learning of Olga, but her heart is also filled with unease and guilt.
Mistiora (It is my fault that Olga took on such a responsibility as queen... and is leading an army...)
She wants to rush to her right away and use whatever little power she can. If it is for Olga, she would do anything.
But she can do nothing imprisoned as she is.
Mistiora feels impatient as she prays for Olga's safety.
Mistiora (Sister... please somehow be safe.)
Mistiora (To that end I... I... hnn...)
Several hundred years pass.
During that time, Mistiora goes to various other countries.
The one who bought her is the leader of a small country nearby known as the Principality of Fuksvald.
The ruler of this country is a strange one. It seems he has various beasts and monsters as pets.
When he won Mistiora, he screamed.
?gFinally, I have a dark elf in my collection!"
Mistiora (Whether as a lover, a concubine, a toy, or anything else, it is all the same...)
Mistiora (To treat beasts and monsters in that same way...)
She is tired of the depths of lust from human males, letting out a sigh while still in the carriage to Fuksvald.
Mistiora "Uh... hnn, nghh... hahh... hnn?"
When Mistiora opens her eyes, she notices that she is in a large pen.
Mistiora (This is a pen...? What in the world is going on!?)
The last thing she remembers is the gates to the castle...
Her head is heavy. Perhaps from some drug.
She feels pressure on her neck. When she reaches her hand out to it, she notices a collar like one would put on an animal.
Mistiora looks around the area through the lattice fence surrounding her.
It is a dim and smelly room, but the walls are made of intricate stone, and high-quality candlesticks adorn the walls. She believes she must be in the basement of a castle.
Mistiora (I'm locked up even now...)
Her chest feels tight with the premonition that she's been met with misfortune.
She hears a carefree voice coming from the corner of the room.
Lord "Ahh, have you at last awakened!?"
When she looks, there is a small fat man who must be the ruler of the nation sitting on a chair outside the pen with soldiers to his left and right.
He still seems young. A gross smile is on his face.
Lord "I have lost a castle's worth of gold, buying you. I'm going to have a lot of fun with you."
Mistiora "H-Have fun...? In that case, you must first let me out of here..."
He gives a signal in response to Mistiora's bewilderment.
A snakeman slithers up from behind them, entering Mistiora's cage.
#RP_append_02
Snakeman "Shhhh..."
Mistiora "Aghhhh!? W-What...? Nahhh!"
His upper body is that of a man and his lower body is that of a snake. It seems that he can't speak. He just breathes shallowly while wrapping around Mistiora's body.
She feels his coldness and his slippery scales, making her body shudder. She screams out in discomfort.
Mistiora "W-What...!? What in the world is this, Master...!?"
Lord "He is my favorite. When I get a new female pet, I must make them sleep with him."
The ruler smiles wickedly.
She has been mercilessly fucked by humans, but her experience with monsters is quite small. Of course, this is her first time with a snakeman.
Mistiora "This must be a joke... Ah, stop... Let go of me, aghh... I-It's hard to breathe...!"
The snakeman uses his swole arms and long torso to bind Mistiora's body.
Lord "Hey, look! Something good is about to happen...!"
Mistiora "Kyahhhhh! W-What's this...!? I've never seen this... No, I can't do this...!"
The snakeman's belly moves back and forth. A small slit opens wider, and a large cock appears from between the slit.
It is different from a human's. The appearance is horrific.
Mistiora "Kffffff, nghhhh, uhhhh... hnn! It's disgusting... Nooo!"
The feeling of having it pressed against her crotch is uncomfortable enough.
The feeling is coarse, cold, and foreign.
The blood drains from her body just from imagining his cock entering her body.
Mistiora desperately tries to escape by twisting her body, but the snakeman's strength is so powerful her struggles just lead to her hair getting tussled.
Lord "What is impossible? If you're a well-experienced whore, you can happily take anything."
Mistiora "T-That way of talking is cruel... Ahhhh, stop! Let go... Aughhhh!?"
Snakeman "Keheheh...!!"
The snakeman's fangs plunge deeper into Mistiora's dainty neck.
The tip of his fangs releases a hot fluid into her.
Mistiora "Nahhhhhhhhh... hnnn!? Ahhhh... hahh, hahhh, hnnghhhh!"
The pain of his fangs puncturing her immediately dissipates, and her vision starts to blur.
Lord "Oh, she can't move any longer, right? The snakeman's poison numbs her body... Her sexual arousal will be forcefully raised."
Mistiora "T-That's... Ah, ahhh... Nooooo... Ah!"
Her body is drained of strength, and her limbs grow heavy and unable to move.
When she thinks of the stinging heat building inside of her body, especially in her uterus, she suddenly feels the warmth turn to sweet pleasure, causing her body to shake.
The pleasure spreads across her skin, and in the next moment, the sensation on her skin steadily gets more sensitive. She can keenly feel the movement of her hair and the snakeman's scales.
Her own hair feels rough, the snakeman's skin feels cold, and the moldy air makes her head sway... but now it's all starting to feel pleasurable, and her crotch quickly gets wet.
Her whole body has become like a clitoris, and it feels like she is being touched by a soft brush.
Mistiora "Nghhh...! Nahhh, hahh, hahhh, ahhhh... nghhh, hnn, khhh... hnn..."
Mistiora (It's like when that incense was used on me... But it's been so fast for so long... Ah, ah, no... My body's----!)
Her skin burns with heat. Her nipples and clit are erect, and she feels great embarrassment.
Even though her body is just being embraced by the snakeman, her body is stretched.
Her legs are opened wide. Her red slit is visible and engorged with blood. Transparent juices start to secrete from it.
Lord "Hahah, her body is like that of a bitch in heat!"
Mistiora "How cruel... How far do you intend to treat me, a dark elf, as an animal...!?"
Her throat feels tight from embarrassment.
But her body aches from the helplessness of being mocked as being in heat.
Her weak legs move hesitantly. Her abdomen burns with a hunger for cock.
Mistiora "Kahhh, ah... ah, hahhhh, hahhhhh...!"
She is aware of the rod between her legs.
Just having his erection rub against her thighs makes her pussy and asshole open and close from embarrassment.
Mistiora (Ahhh, what's this...? My body... is s-seeking him out on its own... No! No, this is...!)
The snakeman moves slightly while breathing faintly.
His rod rubs against her clit, and a tremendous about of pleasure shoots up her spine.
Mistiora "Nahhhhh! Ahhhhh, ahhhhh, no!"
Mistiora (N-Not there...! I-I don't want it there... M-My...! Ahhhh, no, you can't ask that of me, though... hnn!)
Her rational mind tries to suppress her lust.
But with each movement of the snakeman's double-headed cock, her hungry pussy tightens, and juices drip from it.
Her sticky juices drip down, wetting her asshole and falling to the floor.
Lord "Hey, are you wanting cock? Beg for his cock to be plunged in your cunt and asshole."
Mistiora "N-No... D-Don't say that... Khhh, I definitely... won't do that...!!"
If she won't acknowledge herself as part of his collection, while she is here, she will be treated like this.
Moreover, although she is fine with continuing to be raped, she still has pride as a dark elf.
Lord "Well, if you don't say it, that's fine... Do it!"
At the ruler's order, the snakeman plunges his double-headed cock at Mistiora's crotch.
Mistiora "Kyahhhh! No, stop... hnn! You can't put that into me! Please think this over...!"
Mistiora feels a foreign and cold sensation in her pussy and asshole, and she screams.
She doesn't know if she could endure even one cock, but she is being penetrated in both of her holes.
If she's really being penetrated, she surely will go mad with pleasure.
Mistiora pleads desperately with her motionless body, but the snakeman just gazes at the ruler with her cold eyes.
Mistiora "Nahhh! I-If this penetrates me, I will no longer be able to be with you, Master...!"
The ruler just laughs cruelly at her desperate pleas.
The hard tip of his rod moves about as though looking for her pussy.
Even though she should be shrinking away in fear... each time his cold cock caresses her crotch, pleasure crawls up her spine.
Mistiora "Hahh, ah! It's cold... Nahh, please! Please! Hhh, stop... Hnn... ahhh, aghhh!"
Mistiora twists her hips to stop it from penetrating her.
But the snakeman binds her tighter to mock her efforts, and finally, his cock pushes into her.
Mistiora "Nghhhhhhhh! Ahhhh, hghhhhhhhh!"
The snakeman coils his body and mercilessly pushes the two-headed cock into her pussy and asshole.
Without enough foreplay, both of her holes are forcibly opened by his strange rod, thrusting deep inside of her all at once.
Snakeman "Keheh...!!"
Mistiora "Oh, ghh...! Nghhh, d-don't... Ah, ghhh! Hghhh, knghhhh!"
She feels her body lifting into the air from the horrific power being drilled into her.
The rough rod rubs against her sensitive hole. The force and pleasure cause her numb limbs to spasm.
In the next moment, transparent fluids spray out of her opened pussy.
Lord "This is incredible! She's squirting just from being penetrated! Hahah, what a slutty elf! Show her a good time!"
Mistiora "Nghhh... oh, oh... No... not so deep inside! Stop... Release me already!"
Snakeman "Keheh... shhh!"
But the snakeman groans lowly and starts to move his hips quickly.
Mistiora has been the prisoner of several men. Her narrow, tight pussy and her tight asshole cannot exist without movement.
Mistiora's body is crazed due to the snakeman's poison. The snakeman pounds her, greedy for pleasure. Each time he does, Mistiora's body burns with hot pleasure.
Mistiora "Naghhh, hghhh! D-Don't move! Don't move... Ahhhh! You're pounding me so deeply, hghhh!"
Because of the poison in her blood, her anus has been completely transformed into an erogenous zone.
Along with the primordial pleasure of shitting, it leads to a doubling of pleasure from having her asshole fucked.
Having both of her holes raped at the same time puts such force and pressure on her.
Her womb is pressed on from both her pussy and ass at the same time. Mistiora bends her back unable to endure the sensation, causing her to moan out.
Mistiora "Hghhhh! Ahhhhhh, ohhhhhhh! There! Hnn, nghhhh!"
She has been raped in both of her holes, but it goes without saying that this is her first time having both of her holes fucked at the same time by one man.
If there were two people fucking her, no matter how in sync they are, the chaotic movements would lighten the burden on her body.
Mistiora "Stop! Stop...! Hhhh, hhhh! M-My belly is st-stretching... Gahhhh!"
Moreover, the snake's lower body is powerful as it wriggles and moves on the ground, and its skeleton is different from that of humans.
Because of that, his strange undulations torment her further. Her insides are stretched more and more.
The undulations in her asshole are especially cruel. Whenever he moves, the wrinkles around her anus are stretched to their limits.
Mistiora "Nooo, you're moving around inside of me... Hahh! Stop...! Nahhh, ughhhh!"
The small protuberances on his rod rub up against the slender folds of her pussy and asshole.
The entrance to her pussy and asshole are sensitive from being stretched. The protuberances on his cock are like rough brushes. They rub hard against her insides, bringing her so much pleasure that it drives her mad.
Each time rods push in and out, she is hit with nearly orgasmic levels of pleasure. Her whole body trembles.
Mistiora "Nghhh, nahhh! Gahhhhh! Hghhh... gahhh! Ohhhhh, ohhhh, ohhh!"
Lord "Hahah, are the dark elves truly not a noble race!? You're moaning like a pig!"
The man who bought her and the snakeman get increasingly excited at Mistiora's beastly moans.
Her tears and drool have soaked her face. She pleads desperately in that state.
Mistiora "Nahhhh, please! Stop it already! Gahhh, aghhh, hghhhh!!"
Mistiora "I'm going to die! It feels too good! Gahhh! I, hghhh, nahhh, can't stand it any longer!"
But her new owner just smiles and his crotch swells larger.
It is just like the snakeman's cock.
Mistiora "Gahhhhhh! Aghhhh, gnghhhhh! I-It's still getting bigger and hotter!"
The snakeman's cock should be cold, but she feels a hot burning.
His double-headed cock grows thicker and thicker. It plows her deeply, and she feels it rubbing up against her pussy and asshole.
Mistiora (Nahhh, it hurts h-having been pushed with so much pleasure...! At least, i-if not for this poison... I'd already be dead!)
Mistiora pants in pain, and at the same time, the snakeman's body spasms irregularly. She feels his breath on her neck.
Snakeman "Keheh... keheh...!"
Lord "Oh, it seems like he's going to cum soon."
Her new owner claps, drawing Mistiora's attention.
Mistiora (Cum!? Please just do it quickly! You can cum in both holes if you do!)
She feels great relief at the thought of it being over. Normally, Mistiora wouldn't think such an improper thought.
Lord "His ejaculations are incredible! Hhh, when I think of the earlier halfling copulating with him..."
Her new owner laughs with a disgusting look on his face. He reaches his hand toward his own erection.
Lord "Her belly expanded so much from the extreme amount of cum. When I think of her puking it out of her mouth, I thought her belly had burst...!"
He smiles as he starts to jerk himself off.
The snakeman feels his owner's expectations and moves faster, trying to cum.
When the snake chases her prey, he bends his body and pushes his belly off the ground, but coiling his body, he thrusts into Mistiora's pussy and asshole.
Mistiora "Hghhh, aghhh... My deep insides are breaking... Ohhh! Stop! Don't cum!"
Juices from her pussy and ass coat the oddly shaped cock. It slams in and out of her holes at the same time, stimulating her flesh and shaking her womb.
Her body is like a slack puppet. He can do whatever he pleases with her. The intense thrusting causes the strange shape of the snakeman's cock to appear on her abdomen.
Mistiora "Nghhhhh, hahhhhhhh! Nahhhh, hahh, hahhh! Ahhhh, nghhhhh!"
The snakeman presses his hips deeper into her. His cock is fully inserted. He twists it, plowing it into her cervix.
The small thrusts are to stroke his cock. Obscene sounds follow juices squirting from her pussy.
The entrance of her pussy is rubbed by his small protuberances. The brush-like sensation scrubs her pussy.
Mistiora "Nahhhhh, hghhh, hhh, don't cum! L-Let go, ohhh, ughhh!"
Mistiora's whole body spasms from a light orgasm. Each time it does, the inside of her body tightens.
Her holes are stretched to the point of tearing by the two shafts of his cock. She gets close to ejaculating from the squirming of her folds.
Mistiora (No...! If I enjoy this, the stimulation will be increased... and he'll cum inside of me! B-But I can't stop myself!!)
The snakeman moves his hips as he breathes roughly. The odd shape of the tip of his cock plows into her cervix... He ejaculates forcefully at the same time as her back arches backward.
Spllllrrrrrrt, bshhhh! Bshhh, bshhhhh!")
Mistiora "Nghhh, ghhh... hghhhhhh! It's going inside of me... Nahhhhhh!!"
Snakeman "Shhhhh, shaaaaaa...!"
A huge amount of cum erupts with the force of a geyser into Mistiora's pussy and ass. In a moment, her belly swells.
She feels the force of his ejaculation in her pussy and ass. There's so much pressure she feels like she's going to puke, and she is pushed to orgasm in an instant from the heat.
Mistiora "Aghhhhhh... I'm cumming! Hghhh, nghhh...!! Nghhhh!"
The overly intense stimulation makes her vision and mind go white.
Not understanding why, she takes a huge amount of cum and is hit with a tremendous amount of pleasure and pain.
Mistiora "L-Let me go, nghhh! I can't take it any longer! Nahhh! Ahhhh!"
Her limbs dangle while her belly swells to the point of a pregnant woman's. She screams as she orgasms.
Cum still gushes into her pussy after that.
Mistiora "Nghhhh, ah, ah, ah...!! Nahhh, ghhh...!! Kahhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Her trembling body is drained of strength. His cock continues to pump her full of cum. It is the only thing holding up her body.
She cannot even moan due to exhaustion and pressure. She just trembles in response to the unknown sensation.
A large amount of cum causes her pussy to swell, and cum gushes back out of her anus. She feels herself filling up more and more.
Mistiora (Hot cum is swirling inside of my body... My insides... are becoming just this monster's cum...)
At last, the unusually huge ejaculation finally ends, and the snake man pulls his cock from her.
Snakeman "Hahhh... shaaaaa..."
His strange rod rubs roughly against her flesh after she orgasms, causing her to once again moan.
Mistiora "Bahhhh, ah... kahhh...! Ah, gah...!!"
Cum erupts back out of Mistiora's crotch.
Mistiora "Ghhhh, kahhhh...! Ah, ah, ah...!"
Bubbling cum erupts again and again from her pussy, but her belly is still swollen.
Her mouth is held agape as her pussy and asshole are forcefully emptied.
Mistiora (Hahhh, nahhh, hahh... ahhh, I...)
The cum that filled her belly gushes out, and her mind cuts out at the sense of relief.
Her new owner wipes his cum-covered hands before Mistiora's ceaseless panting as he smiles fulfilled at her.
Lord "Aren't dark elves more durable than you'd think? She seems worth playing with. I'll play with her a lot from now on!"
From now on...?")
What kind of play...?")
Mistiora's mind cuts out from despair.
............
......
...
#10_app004h
It has been several decades since Mistiora started to be raped daily by monsters as one of her owner's many pets. His country continues to be attacked by barbarians.
Mistiora (This country is already in its death throes...)
The door to Mistiora's quarters is forcefully torn open, and she sees men wearing clothes she's never seen tumbling in.
Barbarian A "Hey! It's the dark elf!"
Barbarian B "Oh, this is the greatest treasure! Grab her!!"
The men grab Mistiora's arm and drag her along.
Mistiora's heart no longer moves after being tormented for so long.
Her master is just changing yet again...
No matter where she goes, she will be raped daily.
Mistiora has lost the will to live.
The barbarians camp.
The men gather around a bonfire and talk.
The topic of conversation is where to sell Mistiora.
They sit around drinking booze as Mistiora is tasked with filling their cups.
Barbarian C "The one with the most amount of money is the Service Nation. We could talk to Vult."
Barbarian B "He took away the demon army's assets. I can't believe somebody defeated that awful queen."
Demon army? Queen?")
Are they talking about Olga?")
Her sister lost...!?")
Mistiora opens her mouth without thinking.
Mistiora "W-What has happened to that queen...!?"
The drunk men answer nonchalantly without anger.
Barbarian A "Huh? Are you concerned cause you're also a dark elf? The queen has been taken prisoner by the Service Nation."
Taken prisoner...!")
Mistiora's face is pale. Her hands are still gripped around the bottle of booze as they tremble. She stares at the faces of the men.
Mistiora "What kind of country... is this Service Nation?"
Her heart hurts at the thought that Olga has been captured by a vulgar human kingdom.
She looks up at the barbarians hoping that it is at least an intellectual and merciful country.
Barbarian B "It's a country that profits off of cunts. If a woman is ordered to, she immediately spreads her legs. It's a giant prostitution nation."
Mistiora can only groan in response to the worst of all answers.
But...
No matter how vulgar a country it is, a line should be drawn for the noble dark elf queen.
No, with Olga's immense knowledge, even if she is the queen of a defeated nation, she should be able to sweet talk her way into being treated the same as the king of the Service Nation...
Mistiora tells herself that Olga must surely be okay... She makes a vow to herself.
Mistiora (I... must go to the Service Nation no matter what...!)
The thing that supports Mistiora from then on is the hope that someday she will get to the Service Nation.
A large nation of prostitutes where every desire is fulfilled.
Her face is still beautiful, and she is still cursed, but she will definitely get to the Service Nation someday.
She keeps these thoughts a secret as she is taken to several countries by various different men.
Her current master is a mage from the Kimia Magician's Guild.
Mistiora is neither a lover nor a pet. She is research material.
To research magic, he wants to examine every inch of a dark elf's body because they're one of the dark ones.
The mage doesn't rape Mistiora. He's different from the men up until now.
He may have negated her curse with magic, but despite that, it is strange that he shows not a shred of interest in her body.
One day, the mage is preparing a spell and looks to Mistiora.
The mage speaks to Mistiora.
He shows her the thing she fears most.
Mistiora "Hnn...!? W-Why... is my sister...!?"
When the mage finishes chanting his spell, Olga is standing there.
The mage said the thing she fears.
She thought that what she would see is the awful goblins that are the cause of her being chased away from her home.
Despite that, the sight before her eyes is the appearance of her beloved sister, Olga.
However...
Olga "Mistiora... you haven't forgotten me, right...?"
Mistiora "Hnn... Olga, my sister..."
Olga smiles coldly. She reaches her hand to Mistiora.
This is a phantasm. Not the real Olga.
Even if she knows this, her body is still.
Olga "Because of your slutty behavior, do you know what I had to experience... You can't say that you don't know your sin..."
Olga brings her body closer to Mistiora. She whispers mean things to her through a smile.
#RP_append_03
Mistiora "Ahhh... ngh, ahhh, Olga, my sister... hnn..."
Olga embraces Mistiora from behind.
A faint scent rises out of Olga. It tickles her nostrils and burns her chest.
Mistiora feels Olga's warm breath on the nape of her neck, and her heart beats faster and faster.
Olga "Mistiora... you've gotten beautiful since we last met..."
This is a phantom.
Even if Mistiora knows she is a phantom, being praised by Olga makes her happy, and her mouth hangs slack.
Mistiora "Ah, ah... Sister... Sister... Hnn... Please at least show me your face..."
She is just a phantom.
If Olga's a phantom, Mistiora can be a little more audacious.
Before she knows it, the existence of the mage taking notes nearby completely exists in her head.
When she voices her improper desire to be embraced from the front, Olga reaches her hand to Mistiora's lower abdomen.
Mistiora "S-Sister!? What are you, ahhh... aughhh!?"
A finger slides across her bare skin.
Just having a finger slowly slide atop her slit sends a jolt of electricity through her whole body and makes her face get hot.
Olga whispers quietly into Mistiora's ears. Mistiora's lips are trembling in bewilderment.
Olga "But... your crotch has gotten much looser. How many men have you taken in your hole?"
A dainty finger wiggles its way between her legs.
Her movements are so slight that Mistiora can't be certain whether she's being touched or not, but the part where her finger touches is getting steadily hotter.
Mistiora "S-Sister! Augh, n-no...! Please stop...! Khnghhh!"
Olga "What? Your boobs have gotten so much bigger... Just how many men have squeezed them?"
Olga is already squeezing one of Mistiora's breasts as Mistiora twists her body.
Her clutched breast shakes, and her entire body shakes as the hand on top of her slit starts to move.
Mistiora "Khhhh... nghhh, Olga, my sister, ahhh, ah, ah, ah... Your finger is there... hnn..."
Olga "Your body has been raised to like men. You feel pleasure so easily. Hahah, your body is steadily getting hotter, isn't it?"
Mistiora "Ngh... nghhh... hahhh, Sister, nahhh... ah, anghhh!"
Her breasts are grasped so firmly that it hurts, and her abdomen is rubbed gently as though being tickled with a feather.
The two completely different forms of stimulation battle inside her body and raises her body temperature.
Olga's finger slides across her slit. It lightly presses on the tip of her clit hidden between her labia.
Mistiora "Hahhh, Sister, there is... Ah, ahhhh!"
Her dainty fingers seem to have no joints. When they tickle the tip of her clit, a comfortable jolt of electricity runs through Mistiora, and her hips start to feel numb.
The gentleness of her fingers and the subtlety of her movements are nothing like that of a rough man.
The intricate movements of her fingers and her palms upon her nipples and clit steadily pick up in terms of speed and intensity, making her points erect.
Mistiora "Anghhh, ah... no... no, sister... P-Please stop...!"
Olga "What? Do you not want to be touched by me even though you've been touched by men that you don't know at all?"
Mistiora "Hahhhhh... hnn!? Nahh, hahh, hahh!"
Olga's lips bite down on her earlobe.
Mistiora desperately makes excuses as her body trembles at the sweet sensation she feels against her ear.
Mistiora "T-That's not the case...! S-Sister... ah... hhh!"
It is because it is her sister that she's embarrassed. Olga doesn't wait for her to finish before suddenly sinking her middle finger into her slit.
Mistiora "Nghhhhh, i-it's going in... Ah, ah, no!"
Mistiora knits her brows in embarrassment, tucking into her body.
Olga moves her fingers around inside of her wet slit, deliberately making sloshing sounds while biting down on her earlobe.
Mistiora "Ah, ahhh! My ear, no... Ah, your finger, hyahh, are moving inside of me!"
Olga "Hmph... even from just a slight rub, for juices to be dripping from deep inside of, just how much of a slut have you been turned into...?"
Olga's finger rubs along the wall of Mistiora's pussy. She accurately discovers Mistiora's weak points and slides her finger along Mistiora's belly.
Mistiora's body trembles. Her face goes red. She shakes it side to side to indicate no.
Mistiora "Ah, ahhhhh! N-No, this is... not what I intended... Hahhh, hhh!"
The inside of her numb hips aches with a strong heat, and she loses strength in her knees.
Mistiora's body trembles as the shallow parts of her pussy are persistently scratched, and transparent juices flow out of her slit.
And she aches with the desire to be touched more deeply.
Olga "Hmph... Your pussy likes having a finger in it, though...? Is a finger not enough?"
Olga thrusts her middle finger into Mistiora's pussy as her thumb grabs Mistiora's erect clit, twisting it.
Mistiora "Ahhhhh! T-That's definitely not the case! I... hate cocks... anghhh!"
Olga "Muah, sckkkk... pahhh, you're lying. I know it. You want it so bad, don't you?"
Olga bites Mistiora's ear with a mocking smile on her face.
Mistiora tries to make an excuse, but just having her clit twisted causes sweet pleasure to rush up her spine, making her brain numb.
Mistiora's trembling hips thrust forward. In time with the movement of Olga's fingers, she moves her hips back and forth.
Mistiora "Sister, believe me... hnghhh, hhh, hahh!"
Olga "You're moaning sweetly, and your hips are trembling... If you're not a slut, does that make you an absolute whore? Do you love cock?"
Vulgar words that Olga would never say come out of her mouth. Mistiora is bewildered and confused. At the same time, she feels a strange heat all throughout her body.
Her neck and cleavage are covered in sweat as she moves her finger in and out of Mistiora's slit, causing her body to twist.
Mistiora "Hahhh, ahhhh... No, I don't want this. Sister, please stop... Hyanghhh, no!"
Olga "Even if you say you don't want it, you aren't trying to get away, are you? In actuality, you're happy to be held down and raped, you liar."
Just as Olga claims, Mistiora isn't fighting back even though she's saying she doesn't want it.
Her well-trained body is numb and powerless at Olga's skillful caress.
Moreover... although it is an illusion, she should not be able to knock away her sister's hand.
Mistiora "Uh, uhhhhh... It's... It's... Nghhhhh!? Hahhhh, ahhhhh!!"
Olga "You're a bitch. Your whole body is a place for arousal, isn't it? While I was in pain, you've been having fun with men, huh?"
Olga looks at Mistiora's revealed shame with scornful eyes as she pinches down hard on Mistiora's nipples.
Mistiora "Khhhh... It is true that I've been raped by many men, but that doesn't mean I enjoyed it...!"
Olga "I can't believe this situation. Look, my hand is covered in your juices."
Urged on, Mistiora looks at her crotch and see the finger glistening due to the sticky fluid.
Mistiora "Please believe me... Sister...!"
Olga smiles coldly at Mistiora as Mistiora urges Olga to stop.
Olga "In that case, if you endure this, I'll believe you. Hey, I'll give you what you like most..."
Olga rubs Mistiora's hips, and Mistiora feels something hot and hard between her ass cheeks.
Mistiora "What? Why!? Ahhhh... ahhhhh!"
It has already swelled and been thrust toward Mistiora's crotch.
A cock is growing from Olga's crotch. It is so large it is grotesque. It is so incredibly hard.
Olga "Haha, isn't it a splendid cock? With this, I should be able to satisfy a slut like you."
Olga slowly moves her hips back and forth. The reddish-black monster dong rubs against Mistiora's soaking-wet slit.
Thick veins are on top of every inch of her rock-hard cock. The ridge around the head is like a giant umbrella.
The veins bulge in and out. Along with them, the hard ridges of his cock play with her slit and clit. Mistiora's hips twist.
Mistiora "Khhhhh, hahhhh, ah, ahhh, don't move! Release me, Sister...!"
Each time the giant dong moves back and forth, her slit squirms, and juices erupt from her pussy as it tightens with desire.
Mistiora's rationale tries to resist, but her flesh, having been trained to pleasure men, acts flirtatiously to the tremendous cock.
Mistiora (I've never seen something this incredible...! When this goes into me... nghhh, I'll break!)
Olga "You're squirming before getting penetrated... I thought you were my little sister, but are you really that much of a cock crazy slut...?"
Mistiora "No... I-I am not a slut...!"
Olga "If you say you're not a slut, you shouldn't cum even if you're filled with cock. I'll show you that my cock is going to win, though!"
Olga pulls her hips back as she says that and thrusts her giant cock into her.
Mistiora "Khhhhh, p-put it in me... Aghhhhh, hghhh! I-It's so thick... Hghhhh, hhhhh!"
Her cock pushes her pussy open with so much force.
The narrow entrance to her pussy is pulled forcibly open, and the base of her clit is even shaken.
The wet walls of her pussy are forced open by the hard head of his dick, and it plows all the way into her in a single stroke.
The feeling of pressure dazzles her eyes, and the heat makes her feel on fire.
Mitoria's crotch's erogenous zones are fully stimulated, and her body is pulled taut.
Olga "Are you going to cum now? Do you like cocks so much that you'll climax just from being penetrated? What a horny bitch."
Mistiora "Ahhhh, no... Nahhh, you must believe me, hahhh, ahhhhh!"
Olga starts to hump without listening to Mistiora's words.
Just getting pounded lightly stimulates her clit through the vibrations. The large ridge of her cock and the veins bulging on its sides push hard against the walls of her pussy.
While embraced, Mistiora twists her trapped body like a snake.
Mistiora "Nahhhhh, don't do that to my insides! Sister! D-Don't move!"
Olga "When I thrust, you take it, and when I pull back, you pull on me... Hahaha, the men don't neglect you, huh? Your cunt is quite the thing."
Olga holds her hips against Mistiora's ass, twisting left and right.
Olga's soft abdomen is pushed on by Mistiora's ass. She lets out sweet gasps at the comfort.
Mistiora "Stop! Please, Sister! Don't move anymore... Ahhh, I don't like you whispering right in my ear!"
Olga "You're cute. You feel much better than my hand... Oh, your cunt is squeezing tightly...!"
Olga crushes Mistiora's breasts with her fingers. Olga pulls back her hips, rubbing the shallow bits of her pussy.
Mistiora "Khhhh, t-there is... ah, ahhhhhh!"
Olga "Be honest. Ngh... you're crazy for cock. You've completely forgotten about me, right?"
Mistiora "I-I haven't betrayed you, Sister... Nahhh! Ah, anghhh! Sister, ahhh, there is----!"
Olga "You're moaning. Is that how you moan to attract men? Hmm? Muah!"
Olga embraces Mistiora hard, running her tongue over Mistiora's earlobe.
She humps while licking Mistiora's ear hole with her hot tongue, causing Mistiora to stretch her body out.
When she moves her tongue slightly, because of the wet sounds it makes, Mistiora feels as though the inside of her head is being licked.
Olga "Lckkk... muah, sckkkk... pahhh, do you tell them you love them when they fuck you with their thick cocks? Do you? Hmm?"
Mistiora "I-I don't...! Nahhhh! I don't say anything like that! Hghh, don't lick my ear!"
Olga "In that case, what did you say? Did you ask them to fill your womb with cum? Your womb is defiled after all."
Mistiora "Y-You're cruel... Sister... That's... Sister, I'm not bad... Hhh, hhhh!"
Olga "Muah... Even if you are defiled, even if you are a slut, I don't care. I'll embrace you while pounding you deep inside."
Olga moves her hips and the hard fist-sized head of her cock slams her deep inside.
Mistiora "Nahhhhh, there! Not there! Let me go, nghhh, hghh, aghhh! Nghhhh!"
Along with the sounds, her whole body shakes from the tremendous force punching at her womb.
A light explodes before her eyes with each blow, and her body feels light from the pleasure pushing up into her.
Olga "A bitch like you prefers it in your pussy, right? You feel like you're going to melt, right? I hope that you're honest."
Her thoughts flow with the overwhelming pleasure, pushing on her cervix.
Mistiora "No, khhh... nahhhh! Ahhh! There... is starting to feel strange! No, I'm feeling funny!"
Olga "You're really feeling strange. You're a slut. With each thrust, your juices spray about..."
The juices that spray out make Mistiora's whole crotch wet. It shines obscenely.
Olga runs her tongue over Mistiora's reddened ears. She thrusts her tongue into Mistiora's ear holes.
Olga "Sckkkkk... pahhh, you feel like you're going to cum, right? You're getting crazier from my cock, right? Lckkk, sckkkk!"
The obscene sounds and hot saliva flow into her ear. It feels like her brain is being directly licked.
Her thoughts are in a complete fog. The pleasure flowing into her body is coming from all directions. It swells inside of her at greater speed.
Mistiora "Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh!! I-I can't do it no matter what, hghh! I... I...!"
Her knees clatter. Her lower abdomen starts to get hit with waves of orgasmic pleasure. The head of her cock pushes hard into her cervix.
But Mistiora endures the orgasm because she wants Olga to believe in her.
Olgla pulls her tongue from Mistiora's ear hole and whispers with her wet lips.
Olga "You're cute, Mistiora... Don't you want to cum from my cock? Admit it. If you do, I'll let you cum, you know?"
Her words penetrate Mistiora to her core.
She can't admit that she's drowned in pleasure when getting fucked by men.
But if it were Olga...
Mistiora "I-I want to cum... Sister, I want to cum from your cock... Nahhhhh!"
The moment she admits her desire, pleasure comes over her entire body. It shoots right to her brain, exploding out.
Olga "In that case, cum! Climaxing before me!"
Mistiora "Nahhhhhh! Yes! Yes! Sister, your cock is making----!"
She knows that Olga's cock is swelling larger.
Mistiora squeezes her lower abdomen. Her pussy tightens around Olga's cock. The cock is burning with heat.
Mistiora "Please cum! Sister, give me your cock's milk! Spray it all over my womb!"
Mistiora "Ahhhhhhh! I love it! Because you're my sister! I only want you, Sister! Ah, ah, ah, ahhhhhh!"
Olga "Oh, you really said it... hnn! In that case, I hope you take my seed into your womb!"
Olga moves her hips widely, ramming the tip of her cock into Mistiora's cervix.
In that instant, Mistiora's womb is enveloped in a scorching heat.
Mistiora "Hyahhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhh, Sister! I'm cumming!"
Olga "Khhh, I'm cumming too... I'll shoot it all into your womb...! Nghhh, nghhhhhhh...!"
Olga's cock is lodged in the head of Mistiora's cervix. She spews her load directly into her womb.
Mistiora "I'm going to cum! Sister, your jizz is shooting inside of me! Ahhh, I'm cumming again from having you cum inside of me!"
Feelings of unbelievable satisfaction swell as heat spreads through her body, and she's pushed to orgasm.
Fluids squirt from her pussy in a more showy manner than the first time due to her continuous orgasms. Her whole body bounces and spasms.
Olga "I'm cumming... Ohhhh, your cunt is tight! Cum won't stop spewing... I'm still cumming!"
Mistiora "Nahhh! The cum from your cock is hot! Sister, you're filling my cunt up with your cum!"
Olga "I-I can't take it... You're sucking up every last drop of cum from my cock... Nghhh, hahhh!"
Olga thrusts her hips forward, and her eruption of cum as well as the head of her cock slams into Mistiora's cervix.
The intense pleasure in her womb, nipples, and clit explodes as though she'd been hit by lighting... Her orgasm doesn't end.
Mistiora "I'm sorry, nghhh! I'm cumming! Forgive me! Forgive me for being such a dirty slut!"
Mistiora "Ahhhhh! Sister, your cum is making me cum again!"
Mistiora feels so guilty that she's nearly in tears as she enjoys the great release of finally being able to cum from Olga's load...
Mistiora howls like a beast, continuing to orgasm as her heart is torn to shreds.
Her mind gets hazier and hazier due to the maddening pleasure. That is her only savior.
Mistiora "Aghhhh, ahhhh! Forgive me, Sister...!"
Olga's ejaculation continues for a long time... When Mistiora's belly starts to swell, it finally finishes.
Mistiora "Hahhhh... augh, ngh, kahhhh... hnn..."
Her focus is brought to the huge amount of cum shot into her womb.
Mistiora's mind is vacant.
Mistiora (My sister's cum is filling my womb... Ahhhh, these juices have cleansed my defiled womb...)
And she suddenly turns her head.
Mistiora (No...! I remember that I vowed not to cum! But...!)
Olga's lips touch Mistiora's ear.
Olga "Keheh... You've lost to my cock, Mistiora. You're such a slut, cumming over and over again."
Mistiora "Ah... ah, ah... Sister...!"
Olga "It's your natural state. Don't forget it..."
Mistiora "Ahhhh... ahhhh... ahhhhhh... hnn!"
The illusion of Olga disappears with that cold whisper.
The limbs and cock supporting her body having disappeared, Mistiora falls to her knees.
Olga has called her slut.
That is the thing that Mistiora feared most.
............
......
...
#10_app005
Mistiora "Uh, uhh... hnn..."
Exhausted, Mistiora hangs her head deeply.
Although it was a farce, being looked down on by Olga has left a deep scar on her humiliated heart.
The mage smiles fulfilled before Mistiora and quickly runs his pen along his notebook.
Mage "Interesting! Truly interesting...!"
Mistiora "W-What's interesting about it...!? Don't kid me! You've defiled my sister, Olga, as well!"
The mage raises her eyebrows in shock at Mistiora's anger.
Mage "Olga...? Do you mean that woman earlier was Olga Discordia!? I see...!"
Mistiora "W-What are you saying...!?"
The mage moves his pen frantically, ignoring Mistiora's glare.
Mage "The famous Olga! I see... She was certainly beautiful and lewd... She's just a whore of the Service Nation...!"
Mistiora "A whore? My sister is a whore...? What do you mean by that!?"
The mage moves his pen while answering her question.
Mage "Olga Discordia is a prisoner of the Service Nation and has been turned into a whore."
Mage "She has been raped and trampled over... Nobody knows where she is now."
Mistiora "Y-You're lying... That's..."
Mistiora's eyes grow dark.
Mage "Well, that's..."
Mage "It happened about fifty years ago..."
Her memories after that are hazy.
Why did she live?")
What should she have done?")
Olga "Because you were such a slut, what hell have I fallen into...? I won't let you say that you don't know your sins..."
Olga "It is your true nature. Don't forget it..."
Each time she remembers the phantom of Olga's final words, she feels the true intentions of those words.
Her sin...
She must atone for her sin.
No matter how hard it is to endure, she would endure.
That is what Mistiora vowed.
Mistiora (It is my sin... I must repent...)
Many years pass, and there are various fights over the whore that everyone desires... She received a nickname at some point... the Ender of Kingdoms.
Various countries fought and she ended up with the king of Eldonia before finally reaching the Service Nation.
Mistiora "............"
Mistiora is awake in her bed. She didn't notice that she had fallen asleep. She notices that she was dreaming.
A dream about the distant past.
Her atonement isn't over yet.
She must continue to repent for her sins no matter where, with who, or what she must do.
It is the reason for her existence.
Mistiora smiles as she notices the door opening.
She smiles alluringly, showing no emotion. It is fitting for the Ender of Nations.
Derek "Come out. You have a customer waiting."
Derek looks down at her with contemptuous eyes.
She hates him.
At the same time, he allows her to atone...
Mistiora "Haha, I thought you'd be coming soon. Then, shall we go?"
And Mistiora atones for her sin again today.
#10_app01
Mistiora Aite.
She is a beautiful dark elf with many names... Deadly Beauty, The Legendary Whore, Pleasure District Princess, Dark Harlot...
She was a concubine in the Eldonian Kingdom. At the end of the continental war, she was taken prisoner in the Service Nation.
Now, she is imprisoned and spends her time taking customers as a whore while being instructed by Derek.
Mistiora "......"
Mistiora sits on a chair alone by the window, gazing out at the vibrant streets below.
This beautiful city is filled with the screams and moans of women...
Mistiora learned this fact only a few days after being captured. She hates it here.
If there is one redeeming factor, it is that this country is the former home of Olga.
Mistiora (Olga, my sister, was this what you used to see...?)
It has been several hundred years since she was chased from the home of the dark elves. She has been to several countries, but she has finally reached the Service Nation...
It has been a long journey.
A journey that started...
#20_app01
Iris has been taking customers as a whore for several days.
She has been coated in the seed of men while flirting with customers.
No matter what she thinks now, she is merely a whore.
She wonders if she can save Seraphina as she is now.
She hasn't been able to gather any info on Seraphina's location.
Iris "Sera..."
She groans Sera's name and looks out the window.
She prays that Seraphina is somehow safe in this horrible nation...
The door of her room is pushed open violently and several men enter with heavy stomps.
Iris "Hnn..."
Nobleman A "Ain't this a clean room? I thought it'd stink more of semen!"
Nobleman B "The old general is always so energetic. Her skin is much more vibrant than when she wasn't getting railed."
The three men that enter are well-built barbarians.
Iris looks at the men with vulgar smiles on their faces, and her complexion changes.
Iris "B-Bastards...!"
Iris noticed them when she was embarrassed in the audience room. They're surviving leaders from some nations in the Holy Alliance that have retained power by sucking up to Ladomira.
Iris grinds her teeth with disgust.
Iris "You shameless----! How dare you show your face before me!"
Noble C "Oh, is that how a whore should be talking to her customers? We are knights, you know?"
Iris glares at them sharply with her big eyes.
Iris "You sold out your own countries to the Service Nation and sacrificed your people. You bastards, aren't fit to be knights...!"
Nobleman A "Not fit to be? You say that, but you're already no longer a night, yeah?"
Nobleman B "Haha, I never thought I'd be told what a knight is from some whore!"
Iris "Khh...!"
Iris grits her teeth in annoyance, but no matter what she says to them, in the position she's in now, it is meaningless.
Iris looks down and breathes lightly.
Iris "Did you come to laugh at me...?"
Noble C "Oh, we came to use your services."
The three of them smile vulgarly and encircle Iris.
Nobleman B "You're more proficient at holding a cock than a sword now, yeah?"
Nobleman A "I caught a glimpse of you the other day... and my cock's been aching since."
Their obscene gaze traces Iris's body.
Iris "Khhh... B-Bastards... you think I'm going to fuck the three of you..."
Noble C "Ah, if you decline us, we'll find another whore."
Nobleman B "Like that holy maiden..."
Iris "What!? Such jokes...!"
Iris reflexively gets angry at the mention of Seraphina, but she uses her willpower to suppress herself.
Iris has no means of saving Seraphina now. She can only use herself as a shield.
Iris (For Sera... I will do the only thing that I can.)
Iris looks at them, her eyes filled with anger.
She loosens her tightly gripped fists and breathes slowly.
Iris "Fine... I will fuck you."
Iris speaks like she's picking a fight and heads toward bed to finish things up.
The men sigh in a deliberate manner at Iris.
Nobleman A "Geez... Do you intend to be a whore like that? It seems the rumors are true."
Nobleman B "Truly. I'd rather have that legendary noble high elf over this undisciplined whore."
Iris "W-Wait! Wait!"
Iris panics and urges them to stop when the men speak.
One of them frowns ostentatiously.
Noble C "Wait? Don't you know how to talk like a whore?"
Iris "Ah, uh... hnn... I-I'm sorry. Please wait..."
Even if she knows that they're just doing this to subjugate her, she can only act as the men wish her to.
She does her best to smile flirtatiously, her cheeks red with both shame and anger.
Iris "T-Today, hnn, I truly thank you for purchasing me, Iris Arcadia..."
Iris "I-I'm selling my dirty cunt... Won't you give me all of your thick cocks so that I can serve them...?"
Iris "I-If you would let me serve them, I will... thank you for letting me happily drip with juices..."
Noble C "Hmm, if you're going to go that far..."
Nobleman A "Yeah."
The men speak in a belittling manner as their eyes burn with lust.
Nobleman B "But you can say anything with words. If you really want to serve us, you need to take a suitable attitude."
Iris "Y-Yes... of course. It may dirty your eyes... but please... check every nook and cranny of my body..."
Tears drip from Iris's eyes as she speaks. She lowers her head deeply before the men.
Nobleman A "This is no good at all. Lift your hips higher and open your legs... Spread your cunt open with your fingers."
They yell out demands right away to Iris as she lies on the bed.
Iris bites her lip at all of their demands, but she smiles again and looks up at the men.
#RP_kai_iri_01
Iris "How's... this? Can you see my cunt... that will take all of your cocks...?"
She thrusts her hips up and takes a submissive pose. Her crotch is exposed to the gaze of the men.
Three pairs of undisciplined eyes stare at her pussy. Nobody had ever seen it before the defeat of the Holy Alliance.
Nobleman B "Hmph, isn't it a beautiful cunt for a whore in terms of shape and color? The labia are plump like a virgin's... Have you still not had much experience taking customers?"
Noble C "No, you do something to maintain the color and shape, yes? Unexpectedly, she might have a well-used cunt."
Iris (Khhhhh... I can't believe I'm showing this precious spot to these guys... Ahhhh, don't stare like that...)
Iris's body gets hot with shame as the men look down on it while mocking her.
Nobleman A "Hmph... Is it loose or is it tight...? Use your finger to open your cunt more and show us what it looks like deep inside."
She feels dizzied by the immense demands.
But Iris places another slender finger on her labia and spreads her pussy open with her own hands.
Normally, the pink flesh that is hidden between the walls of her pussy is exposed, and her crotch looks like a faintly colored flower.
Iris "Ghhh... U-Understood... Hnnn... I-Is it okay...? Please look... deep into my cunt..."
With the inside of her pussy exposed to the hot air, her back trembles.
Their sight concentrates on her slightly opened pussy.
Nobleman A "Hahaha, her cunt is trembling... Oh, it's tightening. It's like it's inviting us in."
Her body moves slightly outside of her control on top of the bed due to the embarrassment and uncomfortableness she feels over having a part of her she's never seen being looked at.
Iris (My insides are being looked at... It's like they're... staring deep inside of me... Ugh... D-Don't bring your face closer. Stop. Don't look anymore...)
Nobleman B "Her hymen looks to be completely gone."
Noble C "I wonder just how many cocks she's taken. Hey, do you remember?"
Iris "T-That's... Khhh..."
Iris is all choked up at the mean question.
When she was questioned by Ladomira, she couldn't remember how many men gang-raped her.
After that, she has been fucked by numerous soldiers and customers, so there's no way she could figure out how many it has been.
Iris "Hahhh... uh, ghhh... uh, ummm, I don't remember..."
Noble C "Hahaha, you've taken so much cock that you can't remember!"
Nobleman A "She might not be able to remember because it felt too good. Anyhow, even though she's just being looked at now, an obscene amount of juice is dripping from her cunt!"
Under the mockery of the men, Iris's face turns bright red, and she must just endure the humiliation.
Nobleman B "What are you doing? Are you done showing us your open cunt?"
Noble C "You want our cocks, right? In that case... how about you squeeze your cunt tight around your finger as you beg for our cocks?"
Iris "What...? Khh, uhhh...!"
Her head is burning with anger and shame. Her face is bright red. The men look down at her as if challenging her.
Iris (Calm down... It's for Sera... For Sera... I'll try to endure this...)
Iris prepares herself and moves her finger on her labia. She starts to open and close her pussy like a mouth.
Iris "Khhh... P-Please bless my cunt with your cock... I want your cock... Please..."
Shlllk... shllllk... shlllllk...
Only the sounds of her wet pussy ring through the silent room.
Iris opens and closes her pussy as she starts to shake her nice ass.
Iris "I'm making my cunt open and close... It's waiting for you... Could you... stick your thick, hard cocks... into me..."
Her body burns with shame as she continues to speak to her customers in the way they want. Her whole body is burning and her breathing has gotten heavier.
Iris "S-Sir... ngh, hah... please... stick your cock into me... Khhh, cock... I want a cock in my horny cunt..."
Her cheeks are hot, but she forces out a flirtatious smile and looks up at the men she used to fight alongside.
Hot tears well up in the corners of Iris's eyes at the wretchedness of the situation.
Nobleman B "Who's slutty cunt wants a cock?"
Iris "M-Mine... My slutty cunt..."
Noble C "Geez, is that how you intend to answer? C'mon, be a bit more enthusiastic and clear."
The man's smile seems unready to let Iris finish with just that.
Iris's cheeks tremble with shame as she continues to smile and speak words that damage her pride.
Iris "Hahh, uhhh... Rather than swinging a sword, I'm a slutty soldier that's much better at taking a cock in my dirty pussy. I want my horny hole pounded with dick..."
Iris "Stick your thick blade into me soon, everyone... My cunt is hungry for cock. Please discipline it severely."
Her head feels empty like she were drunk due to the intense humiliation and frustration, and her body gets hotter.
At the same time, her pussy is starting to get wet, perhaps because she is being watched, or because her pussy is continuing to open and close.
Shllllk... shlllk... shllllk... shllllk...
Nobleman B "What is the selling point of your cunt? How does it look? Is it tight?"
Noble C "It's well-trained, so it's nice and tight, yeah?"
Her trained body is used for the lust of the men... Iris's breasts hurt terribly at that fact.
Iris "Y-Yes... I'm confident in the strength of my sphincter. Please enjoy my cunt as much as you like!"
Iris screams in frustration and moves her hips back and forth.
The air caresses her wide-open pussy... and the insides are visibly wet.
Noble C "You like cock that much, huh? You enjoyed those man-whores' cocks, yeah?"
Iris "Hnn... hahhh... ngh... hhh, uh... ugh... T-That's right... I went wild and improper on those man-whores' cocks... Hahhh, hahhhh..."
Those embarrassing memories of getting fucked by men are returned to her mind.
At the same time, the pleasure from the heat and hardness of their rods is revived inside the core of her body. It spreads through her whole body.
Nobleman A "You're getting aroused just remembering it, yeah? Man, how much do you like cock?"
Nobleman B "Your cunt's juices are flowing again. It's like drool."
The sounds coming from her pussy are even louder than earlier.
Shllllk... shlllllk... shllllk...
Iris feels shame at the changes inside of her body and the situation as she opens her legs ever wider, exposing her pussy to invite them in.
Iris "I-I'm sorry... I'm sorry that my cunt is dripping just from imagining your cock and having my slutty cunt looked at."
Iris "But it's really tight! It's not a loose cunt! I'll shake my ass while fucking you with my tight cunt, so please bless me with your cock!"
Her pussy opens and closes audibly. A well-built man steps forward, gripping his audacious cock.
Nobleman A "If you're gonna go that far, I guess I've got no other choice. Here, take it happily!"
Although she is wet, she still isn't ready for a cock when the man pushes his huge rod into her.
Gsh! Shllllp... shlllllk...!")
Iris "Uh, augh! Ah... hghhh, khhh...!!"
Iris grimaces at the pain and pressure of having her closed pussy forced open, causing her to gasp.
The man thrusts his cock as deep as he can all in a single motion without a care for the pain that Iris is in. He then starts to thrust roughly.
Iris "Hhh, stick it in... aghhhhhh! Hahhh, ah! It's... so deep, uhhhh, augh...!"
Nobleman A "Hey, what are you going to do to thank me for blessing you with cock!?"
His eyes are filled with scorn as he looks down at Iris while humping her to widen her tight pussy.
Iris endures the burning pain and speaks broken words.
Iris "Nghhhh... hnn... t-thank you, hhh... hhh, uhhh..."
Nobleman A "Ah? You're quiet!"
He smiles slightly while pushing his hips into her small belly.
Iris chokes out sounds through her tears unable to put up with the hot and numbing sensation.
Iris "Hahhhhhh, khhhh, t-thank you... Your cock makes me happy, hhhh, hhhh...!"
When she screams her words of thanks loudly, her belly pulls in, and she can feel his cock all the more.
Iris (Uhhhhh, this is thick! It's thick... uhhh and hot... The hot dick is spreading throughout my body...!)
Iris is confused as she feels something other than just the pressure and discomfort that should have come from his grotesque rod of flesh, and her gaze wanders uncertainly.
Iris's sexual arousal is forced through the demanding sexual act she is currently undergoing.
Nobleman A "You're moaning lewdly... Do you enjoy having cock slammed into you that much?"
He brings his face closer to Iris's to prevent her from hiding the change in her expression and starts to use his hips slowly.
The wide-brimmed head of his cock pulls on her soft walls, and juices flow along with the numbing pleasure.
Iris "Ahhhhhh... Y-Yes... I'm happy to have your hot cock, hahhhhh, ah, in my slutty, whore cunt! Nghhhhhhh!?"
Iris chokes her voice out through the spreading heat and discomfort as her sweaty back trembles.
Iris (I don't want... to be seen... Being seen like this by people that knew me before, by those that betrayed me is...!)
After she turns her face away, she feels a hot presence in her.
Nobleman B "Then, shall you pleasure our cocks?"
Noble C "Show us how a whore sucks and jerks dick."
The two other men thrust their erect cocks before Iris.
The dark red cocks reek and are far from elegant.
At the same time as she feels intense disgust at the scent of their dicks, her head feels strangely numb.
Iris (I hate this so much... but this rancid stench is getting into my nose... Even though... it smells foul... my head feels empty... and my heart is racing... What stupid thing am I thinking!?)
Iris regains her composure and starts to talk like a whore again.
Iris "Uhhhhhh... khhhh, thank you for blessing me with your cock...!"
Iris grips his dick with her hot hands and extends her tongue to the tip of the rod near her mouth.
It's hot. She feels how salty it is from the tip of her tongue soon after.
Iris runs her wet tongue over the head of his dick as she feels nausea from the flavor and the texture.
Iris "Mm... muah, sckkkk, sckkkk... mmm, mmm... mm, pah... lckkk, lckkk, muah..."
The sexual odor coming off of his rod goes up her nose. The hot head of his dick feels so gross on her tongue that her brows come together in disgust.
He starts moving his hips slightly while looking down at Iris.
Shlllllk... shlllllk, shlllp, shlllllllk!")
Iris "Hah, hahh... mm... nah, lckk, lckkkkk... lckkkk, muah... hnn, nah, uh... khhhh..."
The weak points of her pussy are stimulated, and a pleasure and ache like the need to pee spreads throughout her.
The pleasure doesn't just heat up her abdomen. Her exposed nipples also ache.
She tries to distract her mind from the pleasure while gripping a dick in her hand and licking the smooth head of his dick.
Iris "Ghhh, lckkkk, lckkk... sckkkk, hahh... ah, lckkkk... ngh..."
She moves her tongue in circular motions on his dick, smearing her spit all over it.
At the same time, she moves her hand up and down the dick in her hand, exciting it with her slender fingers.
Nobleman B "It looks like you don't just know how to use a sword but a cock as well..."
Noble C "Certainly, for a hand that gripped a sword, it is unbelievably soft."
Iris "Muah, sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkkk, hahh..."
Sounds come from Iris's mouth and her abdomen. They layer on top of themselves like an obscene symphony.
Sckkkkkk, lckkkk, lckkk... lckkk...
Shllllk... shllllk, shlllllk, sllllrrrrrrp...!")
A man narrows his eyes and runs them along her glistening pussy.
Nobleman A "You're getting wet quite fast, yeah? Are you always wet so that you can take a dick whenever?"
Iris's body stiffens at his mocking words.
But no matter how much she hates him, he is still a customer. She can't say anything other than yes.
Iris "Hnn... Y-Yes... My cunt is always wet... so that I can't immediately take dick, hahh, that's the selling point of my cunt, ah, ah...!"
The scornful gazes of three men all focus on Iris's crotch.
The shame of acting flirtatious while getting fucked by her former comrades burns in Iris's heart, and a strange heat spreads through her body.
Nobleman B "In that case, lick me while thanking us more."
Iris "Hnn... Y-Yes... thank you for letting me lick your dick... Mm, muah, lckkkk! Sckkkkkkkk!"
Iris moves her tongue, and the man inside her pussy increases the pace of his pounding because he's excited by the fact that she's sucking dick.
Iris twists her slender hips because her weak points are being rubbed.
Iris "Nah, hahhh...! Kffffff!"
Nobleman A "You're shaking your hips happily... You've really become quite the whore, huh? I know you've been taking dick on the street."
Nobleman B "I heard the same thing. I heard that there was a red-haired whore of a knight with a stiff attitude but a nice cunt."
Iris "Pahhh... T-That's..."
Noble C "Haha, I can't believe the former Aurelian general is taking strange dick on the street! You really aren't fit to be a knight, huh!?"
Iris "Nahhhhhhh, no, that's... Kahhhhh!"
Iris protests unable to endure it as hot dick is pushed into her.
Iris is plowed deeper than she has before, and she shudders with her back bent.
Iris "Nahhhhhh, so deep! Ah, ah! Ahhhhhhh!"
Each time he moves his cock roughly, a crotch-pulverizing pleasure spreads from her abdomen to her whole body like a jolt of electricity.
Her nipples get hard and erect even though they haven't been touched, and her clit pops out from under its hood above her wet pussy. It's bright red and shaking.
Nobleman A "Are you really saying you don't like cock when you look like you're enjoying it that much!?"
Iris "Ahhhhhhh, ahhhhhh... No, cock's... Kahhhhh, hhhh! Nahhhhh!"
She tries to argue desperately as her whole body trembles, but her words are cut off by her inability to take the heat from his cock.
Her pussy is stimulated deeply by the large piercing movements, and at the same time, the wide head grinds against the shallow parts of her pussy.
Iris (No... this is just a bodily reaction! My will is...!? Ahhhhhhh, no, if I'm assaulted like that...!)
The pleasure increases in intensity all of a sudden. Her slender legs kick in the air, struggling against the pleasure.
Drool and juices flow out from her red and swollen pussy.
Noble C "I'm not mistaken about anything, right? You have gone crazy for cock, yeah?"
Iris "I-I... ahhh! Knghhhh, hhhhh! Yahhhh, hah, augh!"
Nobleman A "The proof is in your wet cunt and erect clit. Can't you hear the noises?"
Shllllllk, shllllllk... shllllllllk...!")
Iris shakes her head at the wet noises being made.
Dick is thrust into her red face, rubbing against her tongue.
Iris "Nah, hhh, hhhhh! Sckkkk, sckkkkk, lckkkkkkk! Muah, mm, mmm...! Pah, ahhhhh!"
He thrusts his hips like getting her to lick his cock. The sexual odor filling her nostrils and the wet sounds in her ears excite her further.
Erratic pants come from Iris's mouth as her trained body is enveloped in pleasure.
Noble C "Didn't you say so earlier that you're a slutty knight? Hey, pay more attention to jerking me off, whore."
The men smile vulgarly as they move their tongues around however they please.
Iris "Y-Yes... Nah, ngh, nah, hhh... ahhh! Muah, sckkk... hahh, nghhhh, nghhhh!"
Her smelly saliva lubricates her mouth and rubs around the wide head of his cock.
He moves in big motions, plowing through her wet pussy.
To endure the thrilling pleasure, she focuses strength to her body, and her pussy squeezes tight on the cock inside.
Iris "Not so deep! Hahhhh, ah... ahhhh!!"
Nobleman A "Hahah, you're squeezing happily on my cock... Even if you say that with your words, you're clearly a giant slut!"
Iris's body trembles from the one-sided pleasure piercing through her.
Iris "Nahhhhh, hahhhh... hhhh... ngh, ngh! Lckkkkk, nahhhh, sckkkk, sckkkk...!"
Iris unintentionally shakes her body as her tongue and pussy are trampled over by the three cocks.
She licks dick, takes it in her pussy, and enjoys it while panting... They really are correct that she's a slut.
Iris (N-No... I... shouldn't be... Hnnn, uhhh, but... But... Ahhh, the heat inside of me... No, I... I----!)
Pulling her hips away, she tries to reject the cocks in her mind as it crumbles away from the pleasure.
He sharply wedges himself between her struggling legs.
Shlllllk, shlllllk, shllllk!")
Because of the change of angle, he plows into her deeply with immense force.
Iris "Nahhhhhhh! Nahh, nah, ohhhhh!"
With the shock of having dick slam her deep inside, the intense pleasure that comes from it makes her feel like her body is floating.
His hard dick thrusts his hips like crazy against her hips which thrust back from the intense pleasure.
Iris "Hahhhh, ah, oh! No... not there! Hhhh... I feel it echoing deep inside! Nah, aghhhhh!"
Iris's body is hit with overly intense pleasure as her cervix is knocked by the flaming head of his cock.
Of course, she grips tight around the dick in her hand.
Noble C "Oh, you're really squeezing your hand tightly!"
He shakes his hips to fuck Iris's hand.
He thrusts the head of his cum-covered cock into her lips.
Iris "Nahhhh, hhh... sckkkk, pah, hahhh! Nghh... ngh, muah, sckkk! Hhhh!"
Iris droolsm unable to breathe satisfactorily as her tongue is fucked by two cocks.
Endless pleasure comes from her crotch. It takes away Iris's willpower and ability to think.
Nobleman A "You're drooling... C'mon, just admit it! Say that you're a slutty whore!"
Iris can't take it any longer. She chokes out words as she writhes in pleasure.
Iris "I-I am a slut... nahhh, kfffff! If I look at cock, I get horny... I'm just such a whore... Ahhhhh!"
Iris finishes speaking, and his thick clock plows her deeply.
Nobleman A "You've finally recognized it, huh? But there's a better way to say it, isn't there? What kind of existence do you lead?"
He presses the head of his dick against her cervix and forces her to say more things to embarrass herself.
At the same time, his hips grind mercilessly against her erect clit to stimulate her with the base of his cock and pubic hair.
Iris's lips tremble at the numbing pleasure hitting her brain.
Iris "I-I am a whore that was born to pleasure cock! Ah! Nah, muah, sckkkk! I'm so happy to serve dick!"
The pleasure from having her exposed clit and cervix rubbed roughly is so intense it burns her mind.
Iris (T-The pleasure is too great! I feel like both my head and body are starting to feel funny! I can't endure this...!!)
But Iris thinks that she wants more of this unendurable pleasure.
Even though she knows that what lies ahead is destruction, she can't resist the pleasure.
Iris "D-Despite that, I'm sorry that I pretended to be a normal night! I'll never pick up a blade again! These hands are only for cocks now!"
She discards her own honor as a knight.
She says something she could never say.
At the same time that she is crushed with heavy regret, the great pleasure she feels from the immorality hits her with vertigo.
Iris screams as the sexual odor and pleasure rise in her.
Iris "Nahhhhh, hahh... ah...!! I-I... I'm a slut that just wants to lose to cock! Please make my slutty cunt orgasm!"
Nobleman A "Hahahahaha, I'll make sure you don't forget those words!"
Iris "Aghhhhh! Ahhhh, so deep, nghhhh!?"
He grinds deeper into her as though excited by her wretched appearance.
The movements are big and gaudy as though to show it off to the other men.
He pulls back far before slamming audibly back into her.
Iris "Nghhhhh, good! It's incredible to have my cunt skewered with thick dick... Nahhhh, ahhh!"
Juices spray out with each thrust, and her red labia are pulled back.
Iris shakes her head to protest the intense lewdness as her hips start to tremble greatly.
Noble C "You've really become quite the slut, shaking your own hips like that..."
Iris "Nah, ah! N-No, I haven't become a slut. I was a slut from the beginning! I-I'm a slut, so I'm shaking my hips! Unghhhh!"
Nobleman B "Hey, how about serving my cock more too? Aren't you happy with just dick!?"
He speaks intimidatingly and presses the head of his dick against Iris's tongue.
Iris drools while looking up at him with flirtatious eyes.
Iris "Nbfffff, bahhhh... pah, I-I'm sorry, hnnn, hah, nahhh! I'll pleasure your cock with my mouth now...!"
Iris uses her tongue while showing similar fealty to these men as she received when she was a general.
Her drool-covered tongue sucks on the head of his cock between heavy breaths, and she licks the hole of his dick.
Iris "Sckkkkk, sckkkkkkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkkk, lckkkk... pahhhhh, hahhhhh, ahhhh, nghhhhhhh... nghhhh, muah, sckkkk!"
Nobleman A "The way you're moving your tongue and hips is obscene, huh? Do you want us to cum that much?"
Iris inadvertently shudders as memories of the smell, taste, and heat of cum are brought back to her by the mention of it.
But...
Iris "I want it! Nahhh, ngh... I'll pleasure all of your cocks so that you can ejaculate!"
Iris shakes her trembling hips while speaking like a whore.
Near the limits of her pleasure, her false words and Iris's thoughts synchronize.
Iris (I-I don't want cum inside me. I shouldn't want to take these guy's seed, but...! I... ahhh, why? I can't believe I've been waiting for cum to get shot into me!)
Each time she says something obscene, her masochistic pleasure increases, and the movement of Iris's hips gets greedy.
Noble C "It's incredible how much drool and pussy juice is flying. You just really want to be cum in, huh?"
Iris "Sckkkk, sckkkkk... pahhhh... T-That's right! I really, ahhh, want you to cum in me! I like cum... Nghhhh, hnghhhh!!"
Their lust grows greater at the sight of Iris trembling and drowning in her own lust.
They hasten their movements in order to cum, and their stiff rods devour Iris's flesh.
Her clit gets rubbed incidentally in the midst of the intense pounding. Her wet pussy is pushed away by his wide-headed cock, and her cervix is plowed roughly by the head of his dick...
Iris "Hahhhhh, ah! Ughhhh, so deep...! Nahhhh, muah, sckkkk, sckkkk! Sckkkkk, lckkkk... nah, ahhhhhhh, your cock is incredible!"
Nobleman B "You're not a whore. You're a cum dumpster. Hey, I'll bless you with cock."
Iris "Thank you! Nah, nghhh, sckkk, sckkkk, sckkkk, pah! Sckkk, bah... hahhhhh! It's already too deep!"
Iris writhes from the intense pleasure rushing through her abdomen as she tightens her grip and her pussy's grip to urge the men to climax.
Iris "Nah, please! Sckkk, sckkk, pah, I'm shaking my ass a lot and using my mouth... so please cum inside of me like the cum dumpster I am!"
Iris "Nghhh... hhhh, I can't take it any longer! My slutty cunt has lost to your cock, and I'm cumming! Ahhhhh, please bless me with your semen...!"
Iris's body twists as a large amount of pleasure wells up from her abdomen.
He thrusts his dick deeper into her pussy to deliver the final blow and pushes through her pussy which has suddenly tightened from her orgasm.
Shllllllllk... glkkkk, glkkkkk!!")
Iris "Nghhhh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming from having my cum dumpster of a cunt pierced!!"
At the same time as Iris reaches orgasm from being penetrated so deeply, the head of the cock plunged into her cervix trembles greatly and shoots a large amount of cum all at once.
Splllllrrrrrrrt, bshhhhhh, bshhhhhhhhh!")
Iris "Nahhhhhh, it's hooooot! So much hot cum is spewing into my cunt... I'm cumming. My cunt has lost to your jizz! I'm climaxing in defeat!!"
And from the cock enveloped by Iris's tongue...
Spllllrrrrrt, bshhhhh, bshhhhhhhh! Bshhh, bshhh... bshhhhh, bshhhhh...!!")
Iris "Bahhhh, nah, hahh, pahhhhh...! Pahhhh, hhhhh, thank you for blessing me with your dick's milk!! You're going to impregnate my mouth!"
After taking their loads, Iris's slender hips tremble.
Her pussy tightens hard around the rod inside, and juices erupt gaudily from her.
Nobleman A "It's like you're demanding cum...!"
Hot cum continues to coat the walls of her pussy because the intense tightness of her pussy squeezes it out.
Her orgasm doesn't stop due to the heat of the cum and the force of the ejaculation. Her abdomen moves in waves, and her white legs stretch out greatly.
Iris "Nghhhhh, hhh... Hot jizz! Pah, pah... You've blessed me with your noble seed after I've fallen to such a state. I'm truly blessed... Hahhhhh!"
Noble C "Hey, I'll swallow what I've taken in my mouth!"
Iris writhes from her orgasm as she slurps down the cum in her mouth.
Iris "Sckkkkkk, sckkkk, ngh... sckkkkk, bah, all of this cum is delicious! Nah, muah, slllrrrp, slllrrrrrp! Pah, this cum is too incredible...!"
Iris "Slllllrrrrrrrp! Ngh, ngh...! Pah, sckkkkk, nah, ahhhhh, the cum is shooting out of my cunt again... The seed is flowing out of me!"
Vulgar gurgling sounds come from her beautiful, cum-soaked lips.
Cum continues to shoot in her wretched body until the very end.
Cum drips from both her mouth and pussy, and there is no longer any of her former prestige left...
Satisfied, they finally pull away their dicks, and Iris's sweat-soaked body sinks into the bed, exhausted.
Iris "Hahhhhh... Thank you for the dick... Thank you for cumming... in my lowly cunt..."
After having her pussy pounded intensely it remains open along with her legs. Her red hole looks like it has been torn through.
Cum flies out of her because her cunt is still constricting deep inside.
Iris (Ahhhh, I'm coated with cum even so deep inside... What in the world have I done...? But what else could I have done...?)
She can hear the men mock her as she lies dazed from the pleasure and exhaustion.
Nobleman B "She's making such a sloven o-face. There really is nothing of her former self left."
Noble C "Truly, she's only taken one cock, and she's already like this. Well, we've reserved her for the whole night, so even if she faints I'm going to fuck her pussy..."
The man who fucked her mouth moves to her pussy next.
Seeing that, Iris smiles once again like a vacant whore...
............
......
...
#20_app02
Having lost the war against the Service Nation, Mel Mel is being forced to pay reparations to her vanquishers personally.
There is only one way Mel Mel is able to do that.
And that is to use her own body as merchandise to earn money.
Cale Gale "Did you finish the accounting job I asked you to do?"
Mel Mel looks up from her desk when she hears Cale Gale's caustic tone.
Mel Mel "Yes, I'm done! How did you give me so much work!? Plus this document and this document had these mistakes! You would've lost so much money if I didn't notice them!"
Cale Gale "Well, well. It seems I owe you one."
Cale Gale shows no gratitude at all as Mel Mel shoves the documents into his hands, and she finally loses it.
Mel Mel "How about a thank you!? And how am I only getting three copper pieces for this excellent work you're making me do!?"
Cale Gale "You're lucky you even get three copper coins."
Mel Mel "Lucky!? That's barely enough to buy a loaf of bread! How is that worth a full day's work!?"
Cale Gale "Labor is a virtue. I would question your character if all you care about is compensation. But I suppose that's so like a greedy halfling."
Mel Mel "Virtue, my ass! A reward this paltry for working morning and night is insulting! I'm never going to be able to pay off the reparations at this rate!"
Mel Mel slams the documents onto the desk.
Mel Mel "Not that you ever planned for me to pay it off anyway! You mean to use me for cheap labor forever. Well, I'm at my limit! I'm never working another second!"
Cale Gale shrugs his shoulders and lets out a big sigh.
Cale Gale "You accepted paying off the reparations. You can't break your contract now."
Mel Mel "Hmph, I know that."
Mel Mel grins and snorts.
Mel Mel "I meant I can't be working under you! The contract never said I had to, and I should be free to work elsewhere."
Cale Gale "You're right, the contract doesn't stipulate any of that."
Mel Mel "Right? Hehe, I'm going to work somewhere with better wages and pay off the reparations before you know it! I have no time to waste! Bye!"
Mel Mel says that and rushes out of her lodging.
Cale Gale lets out another big sigh after he watches her go.
Cale Gale "Good grief, how naive. To think there's anywhere in this country she can work normally."
............
......
...
Merchant "No, no, no! No eared slave can work here!"
The door is slammed in Mel Mel's face.
Mel Mel "You could at least listen to my pitch!"
She shouts on her tippy-toes, but there's no answer.
Mel Mel puffs up her cheeks.
Mel Mel "Rrr... Just one horrible business after another."
A few hours have passed since she started looking for a place to work, but after visiting a number of businesses, none of them would give her the time of day.
Non-humans like Mel Mel are outcasts in the human world, and beastmen like halflings are often discriminated against for having animal ears.
Back in the merchant city of Tull where Mel Mel is from, she was never conscious of this as the population was diverse, but the discrimination here in the Service Nation is plain and evident.
Not to mention that Mel Mel is a slave here. Nobody would properly employ an eared slave.
Mel Mel slumps down on the side of the road.
Mel Mel (I would've made a fortune already back home.)
Cale Gale is just going to laugh at her if she returns empty-handed.
She scowls as he imagines his wicked smile, and Mel Mel clenches her fists.
Mel Mel (There's no way I'm going to let that happen! I'm going to earn the money however I can and shove it in his face!)
Mel Mel (That's right. It's not like I have to get hired by anybody. I'll start a business myself!)
Mel Mel strengthens her resolve. After some pondering, she decides to start a shoe-shining business.
She wouldn't need much money to get started either. The area here gets plenty of foot traffic, and her merchant instincts tell her she'll be able to earn quite a lot.
Mel Mel procures the necessary tools and sets her table and crate by the side of the road.
Mel Mel "Greetings, shoe shine for you!? We have a special discount for a limited time only! Just three copper coins to get your shoes looking spick-and-span!"
Mel Mel spreads her tiny hands wide to begin soliciting customers, but...
Mel Mel "Huh? That's strange... This shouldn't be the case..."
Quite some time has passed since she opened up shop, but not a single person has stopped by.
Mel Mel waves her hand across the street with a bewildered look on her face.
Mel Mel "There are all these people, so why isn't anyone coming? Hi! Shoe shine for you!"
A drunk man smelling of booze stumbles over.
Even a man like him is a precious customer. Mel Mel puts on her best smile.
Mel Mel "Oh, welcome! I'm honored to have you as my first customer! I'll take extra care shining your shoes!"
Man A "Okay, then polish this."
The man suddenly drops his pants and whips out his flaccid penis.
Mel Mel "What are you doing!? Put that thing away!"
Man A "I thought you were gonna polish my dick with your big tits."
Mel Mel "No, I polish shoes! What are you thinking? You're unbelievable!"
Mel Mel turns her face away from the foul-smelling member and waves her hand to show her refusal.
Man A "Shoes? You're the one who's being ridiculous. Who opens a stall on this street and only polishes shoes?"
Mel Mel "Huh? W-What do you mean!?"
Man A "Take a look around, eared wench. All these buildings here are brothels."
Mel Mel frantically scans her surroundings.
Now that the sun has set, the night lights show lines of scantily clad women soliciting men in what is clearly a red-light district.
Mel Mel (I didn't notice at all! Crap, I might've messed up...)
Mel Mel takes a step back as if to run, and the man suddenly raises his fist.
Man A "You've got some nerve soliciting me and then refusing service! You look to be a slave. Who's your master!? I'm gonna go complain!"
At this rate, she'll be reported to Cale Gale or Derek.
She has no idea what her punishment would be for not only failing to earn money but for causing a scene in the middle of town.
Mel Mel (I don't want to polish this dirty thing, but... Derek's punishment is sure to be awful!)
Mel Mel frantically tries to weigh her options.
Mel Mel (If I return now, Cale Gale will laugh at me, and Derek will punish me... Rrrr, doing this here might be my best option! I'm just going to have to suck it up!)
Mel Mel makes up her mind and raises her head.
Mel Mel "O-Okay. I'll polish your dick! But you're going to have to pay the fee! I charge the market rate!"
Mel Mel presses him as she takes off her clothes.
Her giant breasts spill out of her tiny frame, and the drunk gulps loudly.
Mel Mel sandwiches the man's pole between her big mammaries while holding in her disgust at this man's excitement.
While she knows of titty fucking, this would be her first attempt and the awkwardness shows.
#RP_kai_mel_01
Mel Mel "Um, is this okay?"
His dick is still soft, and it just sinks into her soft breasts.
Man A "Yeah, you need to get my dick hard first. Try pressing those huge tits together."
Mel Mel "Um, okay... Um... Press them together? Mm, mm... mm..."
She brings her tiny hands up to her breasts and presses her tits together around his dick.
Her breasts are like soft water balloons, and they bounce as they massage his meat stick.
Mel Mel "Mm... fah... uh... uhh...."
His dick is heavy, warm, and not pleasant to touch.
Plus, his dick got sweaty when it was inside his pants, and just placing it between her breasts causes it to stick to her skin.
Mel Mel finds it very unpleasant, but her slippery skin feels pleasurable to the man as his drunk face slackens even more.
Mel Mel (Ugh... I was supposed to be making big money by now, but I'm doing this on the side of the road instead... A-And this smells, doesn't it?)
Mel Mel scowls.
Maybe it's because his body temperature is higher from being drunk, but the man doesn't especially look unsanitary, and the stench emanating from his dick is substantial.
The male musk grows stronger as the man becomes harder from his excitement, and it assaults Mel Mel's nostrils.
Mel Mel "Ugh... It smells weird... What am I doing sticking this between my breasts?"
Mel Mel slumps her shoulders and mutters quietly.
Man A "Hey, did you say something?"
Mel Mel "I-I didn't say anything!"
Man A "You'd better do a better job or I'm not paying you! Now massage my dick with your huge tits already!"
Mel Mel "Erm... O-Of course I will... Um, massage it like this? Mm... fuh... um, I should press them together more like this? Mmmm... rrrrr..."
Mel Mel squeezes her breasts together towards the center and begins moving them to stroke his cock.
However, it is difficult for Mel Mel to control her massive breasts with her tiny little hands.
She digs her fingers in to compensate. Her dainty fingers sink into her squishy breasts.
Mel Mel "Rrr... ngh... uh... How's this? I press them together... and massage your dick... Mmm..."
Mel Mel strokes his cock with her tits while experiencing a new sensation.
His cock begins to harden and grow hotter as she stimulates it with her soft tits.
Mel Mel (Ugh, this smelly thing is starting to pulsate... I can feel it on my boobs... It's so gross...)
Mel Mel's repulsion causes her hands to slow, and the man opens his mouth in irritation.
Man A "Move your tits in a circular motion and massage it like you mean it! Tch, you dumb fucking eared bitch!"
Mel Mel "I-I was about to do that! Um, like this... Bring them up from the bottom and... there... Mm, mm, fuh, mm, mm, mm...!"
Mel Mel moves her massive tits while struggling with their weight, stimulating the drunk's dick.
The larger her movements, the more she digs her fingers into her breasts, and she is starting to feel it ache.
Mel Mel "Mm, fuh... mm, mm... My boobs are pretty heavy... Mm, fngh! Ugh! Uhh! Hhhhh, mm, mm, mm!"
The man's dick expands as her soft flesh massages it, and the dark red head of his cock approaches her nose.
The male musk spreads as the dick trembles, and Mel Mel's tiny nose drinks it in.
Mel Mel turns her face reflexively...
Man A "Huh?"
The man glares at her, and she reluctantly turns her face back.
Mel Mel "I-It's nothing... Haha... ngh, uh... mm! Mff! Fuh... ah, ugh..."
A drop of transparent precum falls from the dark red head of his cock in front of Mel Mel's eyes.
It's followed by another stinky droplet that indicates the man's excitement, causing Mel Mel to burn with shame.
Mel Mel feels like the liquid dripping from the smelly cock is sullying her tits, and she feels goosebumps forming on her back.
Mel Mel (This is awful... It's so sticky and slippery... Eek... This stench is going to get all over my body!)
However, Mel Mel can't stop her hands, continuing her movement as if she's rubbing his precum all over her tits.
His dick is stuck to her tits. It glistens with sweat and precum as everything gets stickier and stickier.
It feels as if she's being continuously caressed by something wet and hot from inside her chest. At the same time, she continues to stimulate the sensitive areas under her armpits with her own hands.
The heat and sensation she feels on her breasts coupled with the strong male musk invading her nostrils are causing Mel Mel's tiny body to burn with desire against her will.
Mel Mel "Mm, fuh! Fuh! Fah, ah... mm, ngh! Ah, hah... mm...! Mm... mm!"
Her breathing becomes uneven, and her tits become hotter from the friction generated by his cock.
Each time her tits jostle, the heat enveloping her chest gather to the tips, pushing up on her pink nipples.
Mel Mel (Huh...? Why...? Why does it tingle? T-This is impossible...)
She refutes her body's response, and Mel Mel's legs begin to fidget.
She suddenly finds her loins are hot.
Man A "You're getting better, but a whore should be flirting with their customers more."
Mel Mel glares in response to his complaint.
Mel Mel "I-I'm not a whore! I'm a merchant!"
Man A "Call yourself whatever you want, I'm a paying customer. Whores and merchants are supposed to satisfy their customers."
Mel Mel (How dare he equate whores and merchants!)
Her anger flares, but she stops herself and thinks it over.
Mel Mel (But I suppose there are similarities. Both whores and merchants have to deal with their customers.)
Mel Mel (I am always striving to make deals that make both the seller and customer happy. Rrr... Then as long as I'm taking his money, not satisfying him goes against my ideals!)
Mel Mel's pride as a merchant spurs her to action.
Mel Mel "I live to satisfy my customers! While I don't like being ordered around, I will show you my conviction as a merchant!"
Mel Mel gives him a flirtatious smile while burying her disgust.
Mel Mel "Um... Thank you for buying time with me! I-I'm happy to serve you...?"
Man A "Why do you sound so uncertain?"
Mel Mel "Rrr... I mean, I'm not used to all this yet!"
Despite her spirited declaration, Mel Mel's cheeks are red from her embarrassment over having to titty fuck this man as well as saying such demeaning things.
Mel Mel stops to remember what it's like to sell a normal product and begins to string together her words.
Mel Mel "Uh, ummm... mm, mm... Please enjoy... fuh, my big breasts!"
Man A "No, that's no good at all. Use sexier words!"
Mel Mel "S-Sexier words!? Uhh, uhhhh... I-I'll do my best... to polish your dick, okay?"
Her face burns hot from just having to say the name of the thing in front of her. Her embarrassment causes her pulse to quicken.
The drunk pressures Mel Mel with his eyes to say more.
Mel Mel "Mm, mm... I'm going to make you... feel so good with my brea----I mean tits... Mm, mff..."
The more embarrassed she becomes, the more the tingling inside her body spreads, and Mel Mel finds herself trembling.
She should only have contempt for the stick of meat between her breasts, but the sexual musk and his pulsating member are preventing her from thinking clearly.
The man seems excited as his lust escalates.
Man A "Your huge tits are like a pussy. How about you act happy like a pussy welcoming a dick."
Mel Mel (What!? Breasts are breasts! Is this guy crazy!? B-But I have to keep this to myself! He's a customer after all!)
Mel Mel holds in her anger while she grips her burning breasts and rubs his dick.
Mel Mel "Rrr... I-I am so happy to be able to... serve your dick with my... b-boobies... Let me rub your big dick..."
Mel Mel (Argh! Honestly! What am I even saying? This is so embarrassing.)
However, she is left with no other recourse as she finds herself becoming dazed by the sex fumes, and musters up a gentle but flirtatious smile.
Mel Mel "Mm... fuh, fah... I love dick... Mm, fuh... um... Your dick is so hard... It's making my b-boobies really hot..."
Man A "Okay, keep that movement up!"
Despite the hesitation she's feeling, Mel Mel is relieved to see the man looking satisfied.
Mel Mel (Okay, keep this up... Hah, fuh... If I keep this up, I'll be able to... fuh, mff... satisfy the customer!)
Finally finding some traction, Mel Mel grips her hot tits and begins to pump them up and down.
Mel Mel "Mm, mf... mm! Do my... boobies feel good? Am I making your big dick feel... good?"
Her soft and supple breasts bounce and squeeze around the man's dick.
Her smooth skin shimmers with sweat, and the smelly precum dripping from his dick wets her cleavage, allowing for smooth movement.
Mel Mel "Mm, fuh! Ah... Your dick is getting big again...! Ah, it's pressing against my boobies!"
His angry stick of flesh rubs against her skin, continuing to caress her.
Fat veins pop out on his dick, and its grooves and pulsations aid in the caressing of Mel Mel's breasts as well.
The way the dirty head of his dick peeks out each time Mel Mel's breasts bounce is so obscene she has to look away.
Mel Mel "Mm, fuh... It's poking out of the top so much... Mm, mfff, mff... It feels like it's breaking through my boobies!"
Each dirty word that comes out of her mouth causes her temperature to rise, and her whole body gets drenched with sweat.
Actually, the hot twinge she feels between her legs doesn't seem to be just sweat.
Mel Mel rubs her thighs against each other as she squeezes her breasts to the center and gives his dick a firm massage.
Mel Mel "Ah... Your hard dick is fucking my boobies! Ah, you're fucking my boobs! Ah, mm, ah!"
Her pink nipples are rock-hard from the dirty talk, sexual musk, and his throbbing dick against her chest.
Each time her tits jostle, the heat enveloping her chest gathers at the tips of her tits, pushing up on her pink nipples.
Mel Mel (Fuh, fuh... Something is wrong with me... There's something definitely off... Why does it feel so good!? Have my boobs really turned into a pussy?)
Her breasts become slippery from the sweat. Some of it is caused by the fucking, and some of it is caused by her agitation. She frantically adjusts her grip.
She is massaging her tits while rubbing them against the drunk's meat stick, and Mel Mel finds her lust accelerating.
Mel Mel "Ngh! Ngh! Uh, uh, fuh! Hah, does it feel good? Does my throbbing booby pussy feel good?"
Mel Mel's face is bright red as she says the words, using the lubrication on her chest to ramp up her strokes.
Shlllllk, shllllk... shlllllk! Shllllllk, shlllllk, shlllllk...!")
Mel Mel "Mm, fuh! Mm! Fuh! I-I think I'm getting good at polishing your dick well! Mm, ah!"
Man A "What? Are you getting turned on? I thought I heard you moan."
The man grins as he peers into Mel Mel's eyes.
Mel Mel "N-NO! Mm, fuh, I'm just polishing your dick... Fah, hyah! I-I'm not turned on at all!"
Despite her agitation, she doesn't dare stop her titty fucking.
And when the man points it out to her, she finds her attention focused on her nipples, causing the sensations to intensify.
Mel Mel (I can't let it get to me! I have to focus on his dick... By stroking this rock-hard dick... I have to focus on... this rock-hard...)
Mel Mel's pupils dilate as she stares at the grotesque stick of meat.
Mel Mel "Fah... fuh... hah! Eek, I-I'm not turned on... I'm...! I'm here to make your dick feel good... You're the customer!"
Man A "Good. Stimulate the underside like that."
Mel Mel pushes her tits up as instructed and grabs his dick between her breasts.
Mel Mel "Um... Right here? Uh, it's bulging so much... Dicks are so interesting..."
She finds herself genuinely fascinated as she begins stroking his dick, focusing on the crown.
Skwsh, skwsh... sckkkkk, sckkkk, muah... skwsh, skwsh!")
The overflowing precum has his crown glistening, and her tits bounce every which way.
Mel Mel "Fah, fuh! Mm, mm, mm! Wow, so many juices... I feel them all over my dirty booby pussy...!"
It seems to be quite pleasurable for the man getting his sensitive crown stimulated, but Mel Mel is also feeling pleasure.
Her breasts are burning, and her hard nipples rub against the head of the drunk's hot dick.
Mel Mel "Hyah! Mm, w-wait, it's hitting me... No, don't rub against it! Wait! This dick is way too hot! Haaaaaaah!"
Whenever the tip of her nipples hit the hard head of his dick, she feels a tingling pleasure. The way his sticky crown rubs against her nipples, it feels like it's almost licking her.
As she massages his dick, Mel Mel closes her eyes and allows the soft pleasure to roll over her, causing her shoulders to shudder.
Mel Mel "Kngh! Mm, eeeek! Eeep, my nipples! It's hitting my nipples! It keeps hitting my nipples, and it's so hot!"
The pleasure she feels in her nipples connects to her loins as her pink slit becomes wet.
Her panties stick to her crotch as they become soaked with her pussy juices, and her swollen clit rubs up against the wet cloth every time she fidgets her legs.
Mel Mel "Mff! Fuh... fah... eek! Such an amazing cock! It's so hard, and it's trembling! I-I think I'm doing a good job serving this dick!"
Just moments earlier, she found the drunk's smelly dick to be repulsive and disgusting, but now it's all she can think about.
This object she's been fondling between her white breasts has become something she lusts after as drool drips down from her soft lips.
Man A "Not bad. Okay, keep going!"
She nods without even thinking and begins pumping her large breasts up and down.
Mel Mel "Ngh! Ngh! Mmm, hhhhh, kff! Fuh, fuh, fuh! Mm, ahh!"
She holds on tight to her slippery breasts and massages his cock firmly, bouncing them up and down.
Each time they bounce, there's a jolt of electric pleasure that shoots down to her loins.
Despite not being touched let alone seen, sweet nectar begins to ooze down from her nethers.
Mel Mel "Y-Yeah... Hafff, fuuh! Uh! Ahh! I can feel it! You're driving my booby pussy crazy!"
Her face is red from pleasure as she diligently massages his dick with her giant tits, and her whole body is trembling.
She moves her entire body up and down as her long hair wags like a dog's tail.
Mel Mel "Mm, mmm! Hah, hah! Mm, mm, ah! Eeep, hah, hah!"
The man smiles as he looks down at Mel Mel in her frenzy.
Man A "If it feels good, then say so. Report to the customer what your body is going through."
Mel Mel "Mm, it feels so good! Y-Your dick feels so good! My bo----my booby pussy is tingling!"
She no longer has the capacity to fight it.
Mel Mel's body is swept away by the warm pleasure, and she talks dirty as the man requested.
Mel Mel "Y-Your big, hard dick feels so good rubbing against my booby pussy! M-My nipples are rock-hard!"
Despite the shame she feels, each part she mentions burns with heat, and her pleasure becomes amplified.
Mel Mel closes her wet lips, swallowing down her spit, and her whole body trembles with pleasure.
She sways her body and rubs his cock against her tits while stimulating her nipples, pussy, and clit.
Mel Mel "Ahh, this subhuman pussy is so wet from polishing your dick! Y-Your dick is so good! So hard and hot!"
His dark red dick swells up as she caresses it against her soft breasts.
The bulging veins pulsate. Each throb stimulates Mel Mel to her core.
And each time the head of it hits her nipples, she feels a numbing pleasure shoot up to her brain.
Mel Mel "Hah, hah, ahhhhhhhhhhh, hyuh! Wow... All I'm doing is polishing this dick, but my pussy is all wet!"
Mel Mel "Mm, mfff, when I rub it all over like this... my pussy between my legs tightens up... and it feels so good... My pussy and clitoris both feel so good!"
His cock rubs against her hot, wet breasts, expanding further the more it's stimulated.
Her hot breath tickles his crown as his tip begins to open.
Mel Mel "I'm so happy being able to service such an amazing cock! This is my first time using my booby pussy, but I'm going to cum from polishing it!"
His dick's smell becomes more pungent, perhaps because it's getting close to ejaculating.
His musk only repelled Mel Mel earlier, but it has now become something that is causing her whole body to tremble with desire.
Mel Mel "Ahhh, the smell of your dick! No! It's driving me crazy! Fah, I have to serve you, but I'm getting all melty!"
Man A "Haha, you slutty subhuman whore! You can cum when I cum all over you, so keep pumping!"
Mel Mel "O-Okay! I'll do my best to stroke this amazing cock... So please cum all over my booby pussy!"
Mel Mel sways her whole body while squishing her giant tits, frantically continuing to pleasure his cock.
She is no longer reluctantly engaging for money. Now she is genuinely in it for her own pleasure.
Mel Mel "Aff, haff, mmm! These big strokes... It's rubbing against my nipples again! Eeek, my booby pussy feels so good!"
The sweat and precum have pooled on her chest and make lewd noises each time Mel Mel moves her body. Wet sounds are also coming from her groin.
Shlllllk, shlllllllk! Shlllllk, shllllllk!")
Shllllk, shllllllllk, shlllllk, shlllllllk!")
Mel Mel "Ahhh! Such dirty sounds! I'm having sex with you, using my booby pussy! I'm being fucked by an amazing cock!"
The dirty sounds and musk... She can taste the musk in her spit...
The pulsating dark red figure in front of her, the burning heat against her breasts...
All five of her senses are being fucked by a customer she's just met, and Mel Mel feels something hot swelling in her loins as well.
Mel Mel "Cum between my boobs! Cover me with cum! Just the thought of being showered by this amazing cock's cum is making me...!"
Her sweaty back trembles as she feels herself beginning to climax.
Mel Mel firmly presses down on her breasts as her hands shake with pleasure.
Mel Mel "Ahh, ahhhhhhhh, faaaaaah! It feels so good! I'm about to cum from my booby pussy and my downstairs pussy! P-Please cum all over me!"
As the pleasure trickles up from her loins, Mel Mel looks up at the man with loving eyes, drool dripping down from her mouth.
Mel Mel "Sir, cum all over my subhuman slave booby pussy! Mm, please! I want it! I want your cum! Give it to me please!"
Mel Mel "Give me your cum! Make me cum with your smelly juices! Please cum all over my booby pussy!"
She strokes the pulsating cock and stimulates its head with her hard nipples.
The tip becomes numbingly hot, and pleasure explodes from her loins.
Mel Mel "Ahhhhhhhhhhh, give me the hot stuff! Ahhh, I'm going to cum! I'm cumming!"
As a powerful surge of pleasure overwhelms Mel Mel's body, the dick begins to tremble and blasts a massive load of cum onto her chest.
Splllrrrrt! Bshhhhhhh... bshhhhhhhh! Bshh! Bshhhhh, bshhh... bshhhhhh...!")
Mel Mel "Afffffffh! You're covering me with your hot cum! You're going to impregnate my booby pussy... I'm being impregnated by my first customer!"
Enveloped by the thick musk of his cum, Mel Mel screams with pleasure as her breasts tremble.
Her body is rigid from climaxing. It is frozen in position. Her breasts are pressed against his cock, continuing to squeeze hard on his ejaculating dick.
Mel Mel "Hyew, it's still coming out... Wow... Ah, this smell is intoxicating... I can't stop cumming! Mff, fuh...!"
Her nipples, her clit, her pussy, everything feels hot as they tingle with pleasure.
Her slit is still covered with clothing, but it gushes with her pussy juices, filling the air with a distinct female smell.
The man continues to cum as Mel Mel is still squeezing him with her slimy breasts, and he would not stop for a while...
The satisfied man pulls his dick from between her breasts, and Mel Mel exhales loudly while fixing her clothing.
Man A "That was pretty good."
The man says and throws her a copper coin.
Mel Mel "Hold on! One copper coin!?"
Man A "That's the market price for a titty fuck. Keep up the good work though!"
The man waves as he walks away.
Mel Mel "Are you kidding? Just one copper coin? But I worked so hard..."
Mel Mel slumps her shoulders in disappointment.
She fucked him with her tits on the side of the street and took a huge load to the face, but it was all for just one copper coin. This might be even worse than working for Cale Gale.
However, she is partly to blame for not checking the market price herself.
Mel Mel (I should just think of this as market research! I mean, I did earn some money. I won't be returning empty-handed.)
She tries to think positively and stretches her body.
As she begins to gather all her tools to go home...
Man B "Hold on."
A man calls out to her, and she looks up at him.
Mel Mel "What? Huh, what!?"
When she looks up she sees there's a huge line behind him.
Man B "You're polishing dicks, right? We're all lined up."
It's going to take all night to serve all of them. Mel Mel's whole face begins to twitch.
Man C "No way an eared slave is gonna say no! I'm looking forward to this!"
Mel Mel "Y-You've got to be kidding me!"
Mel Mel finally makes it back to her quarters the following morning.
Exhausted and covered in cum...
Mel Mel "I'm done trying to earn money on my own."
From that day forward, she obediently worked under Cale Gale.
............
......
...
#20_app03
Sitting in the room she is trapped in, Astrid focuses her attention on the lustbrand over her womb.
Astrid (Ah, so this circuit here is a dummy... and with all these dummies here, dispeling it will be no mean feat. Tch, such a weasely woven spell, this...)
After finishing up her tracing of the magical circuits, she opens her eyes and relaxes her body.
Astrid "Hahhh... the way to dispel this thing still eludes me."
Nicola has done good work as a mage by setting up dummy circuits to make his spell that much harder to break.
An impressive feat, indeed, but praising Nicola is the last thing Astrid wants to do.
Astrid (I don't have time to be at this spell's mercy...)
Astrid purses her lips and balls her fists.
She focuses on what she needs to do: Staying strong. As long as she has the will to oppose him, her talent will win out over Nicola's. She knows it.
Astrid (I won't lose... not to him...!)
When she balls her fist again, the door opens.
Nicola "Eh, eheh... A-Astrid, how are you doing?"
Nicola steps into the room, wearing an unnerving smile.
Astrid quickly puts on a confident smile and reseats herself in her chair, exuding self-assurance.
Astrid "The same as always. Much worse from having seen your face, of course."
Nicola "T-Trying to dispel the lustbrand again, were you? Well, that's a waste of time. N-No one can dispel it."
Nicola has gotten much better at magic to be sure.
And while she admits that to herself, she shows no hint of it. Instead, she puts on a mocking smirk.
Astrid "It's a little tough, I'll admit. Unlike you, I haven't wasted my time on magic as useless as the lustful arts."
Nicola "D-Don't you mock the lustful arts!"
Astrid feels a little better seeing Nicola get red-faced and angry, so she lays in the insults a little more.
Astrid "Does it not feel empty? Simply manipulating women's bodies with those little lustbrands of yours? I pity you. Were you a man with any charm or worth you could make a woman your own in mind and body, but my flesh is all you can control."
Nicola "W-What did you...?"
Astrid "If it hurts to hear, then how about trying to take over my mind? Though I can't imagine your pathetic arts are capable of such a feat."
Nicola "W-Why, you! I-I'll make you realize the position you're in and just how amazing my magic is! Y-You'll learn through that body of yours!"
Nicola shoots a hateful look at Astrid and raises his wand.
Astrid appears wearing next to nothing before a crowd of soldiers seeking booze in the Black Dog Knight's inn.
Soldier A "Oh, hey, it's the high mage with the inverted nipples!"
Soldier B "What'll you do for us today, huh?"
With the drunk men's lustful eyes on her, Astrid walks up to the center of the room and sits down.
#RP_kai_ast_01
Astrid "Nnn... nnn...!"
The lustbrand over her womb begins to tingle, and its hot numbness spreads to her limbs.
They begin to move as if manipulated by strings, and she is forced to take a humiliating stance: One with her breasts and buttocks thrust out.
Astrid (Ghhk... The lustbrand is at work again...!)
It was just like when she was made to walk here from her room. It is the power of the lustbrand.
Yet, that is not the only change she is made to suffer today.
Astrid (Ah...! Wh----aahhhh!?)
Right as the lustbrand over her womb makes a heavy sound, the numbness of her body grows stronger... and she becomes unable to move.
Astrid "Hnn!?"
Astrid completely freezes in front of the troops, her immobility absolute.
Nicola proudly raises his wand and looks over the men.
Nicola "Heh, heheh... t-today, I decided to shake things up a bit and make this woman a doll. I f-figured it would have a different appeal from just controlling her."
Astrid (A doll!? You have to be kidding me!)
Nicola speaks the truth.
Though she can breathe and blink as usual, she can move neither her limbs nor her tongue.
Even her expression is completely frozen, and the men look at her with intrigued eyes.
Soldier A "What the hell? She ain't moving an inch! It's like she really is a doll! Now that's an interesting spell!"
Soldier B "Hey, take a look over here! She's got full vag out, and it's red as hell!"
Many eyes wash over her body with no reservation.
They particularly focus on two areas: the cleavage of her large breasts from the front, and her exposed crotch from the back.
Soldier C "Whoa... her pussy's lips are kind of sticking out... This shit's making me hard...!"
Soldier D "Her ass is fully out too! Kinda funny to see her not even bat an eyelid with all these eyes on her!"
They speak the truth. Astrid has no way of hiding her body from their hungry eyes.
As the men get their fill of leering at Astrid, Nicola wears a beaming smile.
Astrid (Ghhk... What a disgusting, sadistic man! Are you not satisfied!? You've had your fun! Dispel this!)
Though she shoots him a look harsh enough to kill, Nicola is unmoved.
Nicola "I-I'm not letting you go free, oh no! Y-You're going to be their cumduster all day!"
Astrid (What? What does he mean? How am I going to do that while completely paralyzed?)
Astrid tries to tilt her head in confusion but is unable to move an inch.
As if hearing her internal monologue, Nicola booms out with an announcement.
Nicola "Y-You may be paralyzed, but you still have holes! A-All right, boys, you can cum in her holes as much as you want today!"
The excited men erupt in cheers and swarm around Astrid.
Astrid "Hnn...!"
Sshhlllp! Zlllp!")
The moment she feels a man pile on her, his erect cock pushes its way into her cunt.
Astrid (Ggggrrrhhhkk!? Nnn, mmaaah! I-If he was going to make me a doll, he could have at least blacked out my senses too! Nnnm! Ahh, ahhh!)
The raging cock sinks into her dry pussy all the way to its base, sending waves of pain shooting through her.
She wants to shoot a glare back at the man but is unable to even move her eyes.
The soldier thrusts his hips forcefully, beginning to grind Astrid's passage with his cock.
Soldier A "What the hell? You look so prim and proper but your pussy's hot as hell! Goddamn, feels like my cock's gonna burn clear off!"
Astrid "Hnn...!? Hnnn...!?"
He grabs her large, immobile breasts and gropes them wildly.
Soldier B "Heheh, they're so big and jiggly... like a goddamn cow's udders. Damn, the more I grope 'em, the more my fingers sink in..."
Astrid (Ouch! That hurts! Ahh, if I could move, I swear...! Every one of you would be a smoking crater right now!)
Since Astrid cannot let out so much as a cry of objection, the soldiers have their way with her.
As they crowd over her, touching and thrusting and grabbing to their hearts' desire, Nicola simply watches with an unsettling grin.
Her pussy begins to wet itself out of self-preservation instincts in the face of violent thrusts, and her pain begins to lessen.
Soldier A "Goddamn, her pussy's lips are wrapping around my cock now!"
Nicola lets out a seedy smile at the soldier's moan of pleasure.
Nicola "S-She must be horny to the core. That pussy'll leak even if you force your cock into it."
Astrid (S-Silence, you! Whose fault do you think it is I'm here in the first place!? Ahh, ahh, s-stop pushing in so hard!)
His heated pass pries open her wettening vagina and smack against her core.
While that happens, her body, now used to rough sex of all stripes, begins to feel pleasure from the soldiers' selfish foreplay and groping.
The stiffness of the rock tearing into her and the powerful friction it brings makes her back shudder in arousal.
Astrid (Ahh, ahh, ahhh...! G-Gods, I... Nnmm, ahh, I can't...!)
She feels something hot build up from the core of her immobile body.
Eventually, clear juices begin to leak out of her pussy and over his cock for all to see.
Soldier C "I thought it'd be boring with her expression not changing, but damn, seein' her get all wet with that noble look just makes it better!"
Soldier D "Look close, she's sweatin', and her clit's startin' to go hard. Her nipples are still sunk in, though!"
Astrid (Guhh...! I can hear everything you say, you know! Oh, you're not getting away with... nn, ahhh!?)
An electric current of pleasure runs through her sunk-in nipples, erasing her thoughts for a moment.
Soldier B "Her nipples are sunk in because her t-tits are too big they end up buried... All right, little nipples, c'mon out!"
Thick fingers sink into her nipples and begin to coax them out.
Grrnd, grrrnnd, grrnnd...
To the most sensitive tips of her breasts, normally hidden in her bust and protected from the outside, it is far too rough a motion.
The overly sharp pleasure mixes in with the harsh ecstasy bubbling up from below, and it doubles up inside her.
Soldier A "W-Whoa, her pussy's startin' to twitch! This means she's gonna cum, right!?"
His breathing is heightened, and the soldier plows into her wet cunt.
Even more juices leak out, signaling her coming orgasm.
Astrid (Ahh, nnmm, urghh... Oh, no, I'm... I'm going to cum! Uggh, I don't want to cum for these scumbags!)
Nicola "Fucked helplessly to orgasm after mocking my lustbrand so much... Y-You really are a joke, heh, heheh..."
Frustration builds as Astrid hears Nicola's taunt.
Astrid (Grrr, just because I cannot speak back...! Urggghh!)
As frustration fills her heart, she also feels a certain distance. A rationalization.
She had certainly been driven to climax again and again, and they have been miserable, humiliating orgasms, yet she has still kept herself intact.
The lustbrand has made her body climax, certainly, but her heart is still hers.
Astrid ".........."
As writhing pleasure shoots through her body, she feels her climax coming.
Soldier A "Ohh, she's gotten tighter! Damn, you really like dick that much even when you're paralyzed!?"
Soldier B "Her tits are getting real hot, but her nipples are still hidden... l-lemme pull them out!"
The soldiers brutalize the immobile Astrid further, seeking pleasure.
The soldier behind slams on and twists her cervix while the man in front tweaks and swerves her sunken nipples.
As the moment approaches, Astrid clenches her immobile body, readying herself.
Astrid "........................"
The orgasm, however, does not come.
She certainly feels a burning pleasure as the soldier violently thrusts into her pussy, yes.
Yet it feels that she is under a lid, one that she cannot remove and climb past.
Astrid (W-What is going on? I can feel this orgasm coming on so strongly, but... nothing!?)
She knows her own body best.
The unexpected development fills her heart with confusion.
Nicola "I-I told you, this is punishment, you hear? Punishment. If you get to c-cum your brains out and feel good from it, t-that would just be a reward, right?"
Nicola mocks her. His tone is dripping with derision as if he had heard her murmurs to herself.
Though she wants to snap back at him and scoff at the very idea that any part of this experience could be a reward, she pauses as she feels something off.
Seeming to see even through that, Nicola lets out a haughty chuckle.
Nicola "Heh, heheh, finally noticed, have you? That's right, I'm reading your mind through the lustbrand."
Astrid "Hnn...!"
Astrid's eyes shoot open. She had not expected that.
Yet any change in her body and face is only slight. Miniscule.
Nicola then begins to gloat.
Nicola "S-Since the cat's out of the bag, let me tell you something else. I-I haven't only made a doll out of your body."
Nicola "I've arranged it so that you won't orgasm n-no matter how much pleasure is poured into you. Heh... a-and if you just come out and admit defeat, I'll dispel it."
Astrid (I can't... orgasm? You mean he's going to keep me edging all day...?)
She begins to worry at the pleasure building with no release.
Soldier A "Damn, she can't cum? What a shame. Not that I'll hold back, though!"
Getting carried away, the soldier starts thrusting his hips again, beating a wild pleasure into her body.
Astrid (Wait! Wait! I... nnnaaah!? M-My nipples!?)
Her sunken nipples have been dug out, and the soldier rubs at them to coax them into getting erect.
Soldier B "All right, your nipples are finally out... Look at how erect they are! A damn shame they'd been buried in your tits this whole time..."
With her nipples usually guarded against the outside world, the powerful stimulation proves too unfamiliar and powerful, and they begin to leak thin lines of lactation.
The soldier licks at her nipples and sucks in his cheeks, drinking her milk.
Shllrrrp, shlrp shlrp... mmmcch!")
Astrid (Ahh, nnmm! D-Don't suck so hard! Agh!)
Soldier B "Damn, this is sweet! It melts in my mouth! Man, it's like you're a cow, shootin' milk all around... Goddess, I want more..."
The man rubs his thick lips against her nipples and sucks hard.
Astrid is plowed from behind as her nipples are sucked, washing her in deeper sexual pleasure as she lingers on the brink of orgasm.
Astrid (Ghh... It's frustrating that I can't have any release, but I don't mind. In fact, if I won't have to orgasm, I won't have to embarrass myself in front of this crowd... Nnm... ahh, ahh!)
Though she puts up a strong front, the more the men assail her front and back, the deeper she sinks into the swamp of pleasure.
She feels herself being chased into an orgasm again.
Astrid (Ghhkkk... nmm! Ahh, ahh, I'm going to cum! He has to have been lying. I can feel it coming. I...!)
Soldier A "Ahh, shit, I'm cumming! Here comes the first spurt!"
With that announcement, the man unleashes his geyser into her core.
Plllsshhh! Pwssh! Pshpsh!")
Hot semen smacks against her womb, and she is assailed by pleasure enough to numb her brain.
Astrid "........................"
Astrid (Ahhhh!? W-Why? Why!?)
It feels as though she has struck an invisible ceiling. She cannot cum.
And even worse, with her body immobile, she can neither writhe nor scream. Unable to unleash her pleasure with her voice or motions, she can only feel it slosh about in her body like a raging bull.
Astrid (Grr... urgh... I just can't cum! It feels so good, but I can't... aaggh!?)
Astrid (It just feels so good, and it won't... It won't stoooop! I'd... much rather just cum... no matter how humiliating it looks...!)
His ejaculation finishes, and the man violently pulls his cock out of her.
Drrrp... pplooop...
A symbol of her humiliation and sullying, the thick white rolls out from her loosened vagina.
Astrid "...................................."
Though his cock has been pulled out, her pleasure and frustration remain, and her heart beats loud and fast enough to drive her mad.
Astrid (Ahh, ahh, ggwahh... This is nothing... I can... nnmmm, aannh!)
Nicola "N-Nothing, huh? L-Looks like you're really going through it."
Nicola's mockery as he reads her mind brings her back into focus.
Nicola "Heh, w-why bother holding it in? Just admit that the lustful arts are as respectable as any arcane school and you'll h-have your release. I'll let you c-cum."
Astrid (S-Shut up, you!)
Astrid makes her heart's voice as aggressive as she can to push back the burning pleasure building up inside of her.
Astrid (Ahh... I-I'm not going to... nngh, bend to the likes of you...!)
Nicola's eyes narrow, and a lewd smile comes over his mouth.
Nicola "Heh, haha... l-looks like she hasn't learned her lesson. All right, boys, fill her up!"
Given no time to rest, her pussy, dripping with cum, is thrust into with a second cock.
Astrid (W-Wait...! If you put it in now, I... ahh, no, nnnn, ahhhh!)
The stiff, hot cock pries open her hole, and a wave of orgasmic pleasure descends on her.
The soldier begins to make powerful thrusts.
Soldier C "Heheh, it's nice and lubed up with cum. This cunt's really sucking on my cock!"
The soldier who has been sucking on her nipples begins to rub against her breasts with his erect dick.
Her sweat-drenched breasts are sullied with his precum.
Soldier B "Shiiiiit, these tits feel so soft! Now it's your turn to please my dick!"
He grabs her breasts with his large hands and sandwiches his cock between them, then begins rubbing them up and down it.
They are rough and careless motions as if he is cleaning her body with a prostate sponge.
Astrid (S-Stop... That's too rough... ahhh!)
Nicola "L-Looks like you're having a rough time. H-How about giving in...?"
Astrid (W-Who would give in!? Nn, mmgh, ahhh!)
As a sex slave in the Service Nation, she hasn't been treated like a human being once since coming here, but this is a new low. She's being treated completely as an object.
Being unable to budge an inch simply reinforces that.
Astrid "........................"
The soldier plows his stiff rod into her as he grips her hips in place. The wide head of his cock grinds at her vaginal walls.
The man in front of her violently grabs her breasts as he covers them in his precum, and she feels a great heat building from them.
The sound of loud, wet thrusting emanates from her cleavage and cunt in place of her moans.
Soldier A "This is a lot more fun than I thought. She's got that blank look on her face while her pussy clings to my dick. It's pretty wild!"
Soldier C "Yeah! Seein' her look at me like that makes me really want to have her wailing with my cock!"
The man working on her pussy picks up speed, breaking new ground in her blazing passage.
Astrid's labia dance in tune, wrapping around his penis.
The friction turns to pleasure, and her lower abdomen burns with carnal passion.
Astrid (Nnn, mmm... It's bigger than the last one! It's hitting my core so much it hurts, gghhkk...!)
Her cervix is struck, and this brings with it pleasure enough to make her feel like she is floating.
Many of his thrusts bring her close to orgasm, and her chest begins to burn.
Soldier C "Looks like you're startin' to suck on me real deep in there. Are you talking with your pussy because your mouth doesn't work? You want me to blast in your womb that much?"
The man laughs and rubs the stiff head of his cock against her cervix.
Astrid (Nnnaaah! D-Don't mock me like that. Why would I ever...!? I-I don't want your cum inside me!)
Nicola "I-Is that so? Because I can hear it loud and clear... How much your womb's sucking on his cock!"
Astrid (S-Shut up! Silence! Ahh, my womb is... ahh, ahhhh!)
The hot, stiff head twists about on her cervix, making her vision blink in and out.
Astrid (Ah, ahhh... urgh, I'm cumming. Oh gods, this time I'm going to... cum...!)
Nicola "Heh, heheh... If you want to cum, you know what to do: Surrender. Otherwise..."
Reading Astrid's mind, Nicola gives her a sadistic smile.
Astrid ignores him and focuses on the thick penis, trampling through her lower body and the burning, the tear-inducing pleasure it brings.
Astrid (Ahh, ahhh, gods, here it comes. Something hot... Ahh, his d-dick is quivering inside me... Come on now! Quickly! Quicklllyyyy!)
Soldier C "Ahh, shit, I'm going to...!"
Soldier B "Me too! I-I'm going to bust between these tits!"
Pllshhh! Pwssh! Pllshh!")
Shhllllp! Plllp! Pllrrrp!")
Hot, sticky semen explodes in her pussy and cleavage.
Astrid (Aaahhhh, it's so hooot! So much hot semen, pouring inside my pussy! Ahh, I can't... I can't cum, aggghhh!)
The moment the semen splashes onto her cervix, a sharp, electrifying pleasure should run through her body.
Yet, it does not. The pleasure stays locked away in her lower abdomen.
Soldier C "Ohh, hell yeah, it's sucking me off!"
Plllshhh! Pwsshh! Plllp!")
Astrid "Hnn...!"
The howling soldier keeps his cock pressed firmly against her cervix as he dumps in another load.
Astrid's vagina contracts greatly, writhing in and out as if gulping down his semen.
Astrid (Ahh, ahh, again! Hot semen is pumping inside of me agaaiinnn! Ahhh, whyyyy!?)
Astrid would toss her hair wildly about as she clawed at her throat if she could move.
Yet she simply takes being cum inside with her eyes cold, not even batting an eyelash.
Astrid "Hnn...!"
Steam and a powerful, sexual stench waft up from between her white breasts.
The scent invading her nostrils as she teeters on the edge of orgasm is enough to make her vision shudder.
Astrid (Ahhh, this scent... This scent of man... My body is so hot I can't stand it...!)
Nicola "Heh, heheheh...!"
...
......
.........
The men continue to brutalize her.
Countless ejaculations have left her breasts sullied in milky white, and a puddle of semen has been built up in the depths of her cleavage.
The men use it as a lubricant in place of her pussy juices as they rub their cocks between her breasts.
Soldier D "Whoa, all this cum between her tits makes it smooth as hell to go through! It's like her tits have become a big ol' pussy!"
Astrid (Ahhh, this... feels so disgusting, and yet...! I hate hearing them referred to as a pussy, and yet...!)
She just wants to orgasm, and she doesn't care how.
That faltering, that weakness, begins to float up in her heart.
Yet as she pushes it back down, the next man approaches her vagina.
Nicola "W-Wait. Don't just focus on her pussy. Use her ass too. She's got a perfectly good hole there."
Soldier E "When you're right, you're right. I'll make that asshole a pussy too!"
The soldier gets some juice from her cunt onto his fingers and roughly wipes it onto her anus.
Then, with no warmup from his fingers, he jams his cock into her anus.
Astrid "...................................."
Though she has been raped countless times, Astrid has no anal experience.
A cramped feeling attends immense pain as the cock pries her anus open.
Astrid (Gahhhhh! I-I've never had anything in my butt. Why is he being so rough...? Nnmmm, ahh, ghhkk... b-but at least this won't feel good, so I... nnmmaah!?)
Giving her not a moment to rest, the man begins to thrust harder and faster.
Shllp! Shhp! Chlllp!")
Shp... zzlllp! Shp, shp!")
Astrid "...................................."
His rough thrusts only increase the pressure and pain.
Astrid (It's so thick inside me, and it's so tight... Gghhk, it hurts so much, but... that might be perfect. The pain will distract me from how much I want to cum...)
The desire to climax remains squarely in her head.
She focuses on the pain pulsing from her ass to distract herself from it even if just for a little.
Soldier D "Goddamn, it's so tight! It's like a virgin pussy. I can't get enough!"
Astrid (Fwahh!? W-Why!? I want my ass to hurt, but it's getting so... so hot...!)
The rapid thrusting rubs against her anus and rectum, granting a frictive pleasure, not unlike the joy of excretion.
And with every deep thrust, her womb is struck by the vibrations, giving her even greater pleasure.
Astrid (Eaaahhh! Oh no, oh no, I'm going to feel good again... I'm starting to want to cum!)
She wants to twist her hips and escape, but she cannot even lift a finger.
With each thrust into her anus, her rectum squeezes, pushing the cum out of her pussy.
Soldier E "Whoa, look at all the cum spewing from her pussy. It's like she's ejaculating or something!"
Soldier F "How much did she have in her belly? It's like her pussy's a cum tank!"
The mockery and humiliation from the crowd make her heat up in embarrassment, and she grows more sensitive to their eyes and movements.
Astrid (S-Stop! Please stop... Ahh, I can feel the cum spilling out of me! I don't want to feel good any longer. Not when I can't cum... ahh!? M-My nipples!?)
The soldier pumping into her breasts grabs onto her handle-like nipples and begins to shake her breasts.
The pulling sensation on her nipples combines with the vibrations on her breasts as well as the heat of the rod between them to launch a numbing pleasure that strikes the very core of her mind.
Soldier E "Oh, shit, her ass's gettin' real hot... Damn, my hips just can't stop!"
The lidded pleasure makes Astrid's body melt even more, encouraging the soldiers to seek pleasure even more passionately.
Frustrated with the overwhelming desire to come when she cannot, all Astrid can do is groan inside.
Astrid (Ghhhkk...! I-I'm going to cum... Here it is... Ahhhh, the orgasm just won't come! I feel so close, though!)
Nicola "Heh, haha... Do you want to cum that much? W-While having your ass raped by this grunt?"
Astrid (Nicolaaa!)
Nicola can still read her mind easily.
Her body heats up from how embarrassed and pathetic she feels.
Astrid (N-No, I... I am just analyzing the situation I am in! I... urgh!? No, no, not any deeper! Please!)
Nicola "L-Looks like he's ready to cum inside. E-Enjoy having your ass filled with semen, Astrid! N-Not that it'll help you orgasm!"
Astrid (Eh? Ahh!? Nn, mm, agghh!?)
Nicola is right. The man's breathing grows rough, and he begins pumping for his last spurt.
Soldier E "I'm gonna cum real deep inside you!"
Bam, bam, bam! Shllp! Shllp! Shllp!")
So great are his thrusts that they are felt all the way in her womb.
Astrid "........................"
Astrid (Ahh, ohhh! Agggh, not so deep! Not so deeeep! Aannn, aagghh, I feel it so much!)
Soldier F "I-I'm gonna cum too... I'm gonna tear into her nipples and tits with my cock!"
The two cocks unleash the powerful scent of a male about to burst as they trample over Astrid's body.
Dominated by a tsunami of pleasure with her orgasms sealed away, all Astrid can do is scream inside.
Astrid (Nnaah, ahh, aggh! Wahh, aaghh, stop! I can't! I can't cum, so please don't make me, mm, feel any better!)
Yet, no one can hear her screams. The penises continue to dig into her flesh, writhing before they burst.
Astrid (Nnn, aaagghh, w-wait! Please let me go! Spare me that! If you cum inside me after all this, I'll... Oh, please don't do it...!)
Plllsshh! Pwwsshh! Plllp!")
Plllrrp! Psshh... plllssh!")
Hot white fills her fleshy openings.
Astrid (Gggaaooohhhhh, ahh, it's so hot, there's so much of it! I'm going to go crazy! But I... I can't... I can't cum... gahhh!)
Her rectum fills with semen, and a melting pleasure overtakes her body.
Yet once again, she strikes against that invisible ceiling and is denied an orgasm once again.
The men cry out in pleasure as they continue to shower Astrid in their seed.
Astrid (Ahh, nnmm, ahh, stop... Aaahhhhh, there's cum spewing out of my asshole... Ahh, it's dripping all over my tits, aaagghhh...!)
Her body is far past her limit. She would cum simply from feeling the semen drip down her skin if she could.
As maddening pleasure roils in her belly, her vision begins to flicker wildly.
Astrid (Why...? Why can't I...? Why can'd I cum, ahh.... Gwah... gurk...!)
The scene is ridiculous. Though set upon by and suffering from immense pleasure, her expression does not change in the least.
Soldier E "Ahhh, I just can't stop... Her ass keeps clinging around my cock!"
Soldier F "Hey, let me have my turn already! I haven't cum even once yet!"
Soldier A "I want a shot at that ass next."
The men swarm around Astrid's immobile frame.
Astrid "........................"
Astrid (S-Stop! I... I can't cum! I can't cuuuuumm!)
Nicola "Heh, heheh... If you're going to keep putting up that front, then be my guest. Have them keep going at you 'til you're a balloon full of cum..."
...
......
.........
Astrid's rape continues.
So full is the room with heat and bestial odor one could choke on it, and it is filled with the sound of meat smashing against meat.
Soldier G "Phew... damn, nothing better than this ass! It's so spacious inside, but the way it clings to my cock... Damn!"
Numerous ejaculations into her anus have made it just as wet as her pussy and almost as easy to thrust into.
The men's thrusts into it have been deep from the start, and her womb continues to be struck through her anal passage.
Astrid (Nmm, ahh, aggh...! No, no, I want you to pump further! T-That might make me cum...!)
Pained by her inability to cum, she squirms internally, begging them to violate where she feels the most pleasure.
Her inability to move makes her unable to move her hips or clench her ass to guide their cocks to where she's most sensitive.
Astrid (Guh... no, no, not there... Please... Please just make me cum. Make me cuuum!)
Her anus isn't the only place she feels frustration.
Soldier H "This mouth feels great too! Haha, she doesn't spit or vomit, so I'm gonna jam it in as deep as I want!"
Astrid "........................"
Her unmoving mouth has been pried open, and a large penis has been jammed into it.
Since she can't suck it or contract her mouth, his thrusts into her are rough and fast.
Astrid (Agghh, nnmm, ffoohhh, more! L-Let me lick it! Let me taste it more...!)
For as much as she wants to suck on his cock and slurp up his precum, she is unable to move her tongue in the slightest.
She wants to stamp her feet and thrash about like a child from the frustration.
Astrid (More... More... Ggahhhk, stop! Stop thrusting so selfishly! Damn you...!)
She wants to scream. She wants to cry. And yet... her expression remains frozen.
Then, the man raping her mouth makes a particularly strong thrust.
Not satisfied with her mouth, he seeks to thrust his cock into her throat.
Astrid (Nnmm, ahhh...! He's blocking off my throat! I-I can barely breathe, but... ahh, this feels so...! Agh, gah, gah...!)
Feeling his stiff head rubbing in places normally impossible, tears begin to swell up in Astrid's dollified eyes.
Assailed by breathing difficulty and the strong desire to vomit, her whole body shudders.
Still, Astrid clung to the respiratory pain.
Astrid (It... It feels like I'm suffocating like my head is growing light from the pain... and it's... it's just like cumming! Oh, gods, it's just like cumming! I might be able to cum with my throat!)
Drool rolling down her mouth as he pumps down her throat, Astrid harnesses an inch of hope and blinks over and over, using the only freedom afforded to her.
Soldier G "Shit... when you thrust into her mouth, her asshole gets real tight! Keep it up, man!"
Soldier H "Then I'll go even deeper!"
The man brings his lower abdomen right to Astrid's mouth and pumps in deeply.
It is like he is a machine that has been switched on.
Shhp! Shhllp! Zlllp! Gcch!")
Chlpchlp! Shhp! Gcch!")
Astrid ".............................."
His pubic hair is thick like wire. It grinds against her lips. The blazing head of his cock pushes open the gate of her throat and digs in deep.
Her anus contracts from her choking, and the man behind her makes a particularly deep thrust.
Soldier G "Shit, she's so tight... It feels like my dick's getting sucked deeper inside!"
Soldier H "And this mouth is killing me! You can't get this deep with a moving woman!"
Stiff, erect cocks rabidly pierce Astrid from the front and back.
The unusual sensations, the force of impact, and the pain all steal away what little remains of Astrid's energy, reason, and ability to think.
Astrid (Ggrrhhkkkk! Can't... breathe... Gods, it's like I'm just a thing... b-but it feels so... good...?)
She is shocked. Not at the pain of having her throat violated, but at the fact that she is aroused over being treated like an object, and horribly so.
Astrid (W-Why does it feel good to be treated like a thing? To not be able to do... Nnnmm!? Ahh, nmm!)
Seeking pleasure, the cocks go deeper into her flesh.
Saliva flows like water from her due to her gag reflex against the too-deep thrusts, filling her mouth, but they're unable to get past the penis.
Astrid (My throat... is blocked up with saliva and... this cock... is stopping me from... breathing... I'm gonna... die...)
As her mind fades from lack of oxygen, pleasure comes to the forefront of her consciousness.
The pleasure of the cock rubbing through her anus, the pleasure of her womb being bashed through her walls...
The stimulus to her nipples and clitoris from all the vibrations, the sensation of foul-smelling cum running down her skin like a lustful tongue...
Astrid (It feels... so... g-good... to be raped like a thing... Nnmm, ahh, my womb, it's so, so hot, ahh, annnn!)
All of the pleasure she's built up with no release makes her want to writhe.
Is the pain pleasure? Is the pleasure pain? She can no longer tell.
Astrid (Aaagghh, it feels so goooood... nnmm, ahhh...! N-Normally I could cum here. Normally, and yet, and yet...!)
Astrid (Gods, I want to cum! I just want to cuuuum! Please! Please let me cuuuum...!)
Past the limits of her shame and pleasure and seasoned by oxygen deprivation, she no longer has the control to hold back her desire any longer.
Soldier G "Shit, I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna fill up this ass!"
Soldier H "And I'm gonna cum down her throat!"
Plllshh! Pwssh! Psh, psh!")
Shhllllp! Ddrrrrp! Plllsh!")
Astrid (Aaaahhhh, it's so hot! So hoooot! There's so much hot cum shooting in from my throat and ass, ahh, ahhhhh!)
Sticky, white semen floods in through her throat and rectum.
The heat and force she feels above and below make the full pleasure she feels even greater.
Astrid (Gyaahhhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm c----why!? Why can't I cuuum!? Please let me cum! Let me cum! I want to cum! I want to cuuuum!)
No matter how much Astrid howls inside, the lustbrand's spell stays in place.
The soldiers spill as much seed into her holes as they want and finally pull their cocks out of her.
Her much-violated and reddened hole opens up and unleashes a torrent of built-up semen.
Nicola "Heh, heheh... All right, time for the finishing touches."
Larger soldiers immediately crowd around Astrid and shove their thick rods into her freed holes.
Shllp, shhp... ggrrrk!")
Zhhhpp, ggohhnn... mlchmlch, mlllch...!")
Her lips and pussy are pried open by dicks.
Astrid ".............................."
Astrid (Gggwwwhhh!? H-How do they get this thick!? You cannot be serious, there is no way it will f----nnnaah, ooohhhh!? Gweeeeh!?)
Taking advantage of Astrid's immobility and inability to escape, the large men hold her sweaty body down like an object and jam their thick cocks in.
Soldier I "Phew... All this cum's doing its part in helping me get in!"
Soldier J "Her mouth's a little tight, but... lemme try pushing in some more!"
Shhllp, shpshp, zzzhpp!")
Ghhlp, shhp, chhlp... gnnk!")
The men begin to move their hips with dull, heavy sounds. The cock on top has its large head caught snugly in her throat, and the other one tears into her cervix.
Their mere insertion up to the bases gives pleasure enough to orgasm, and her vision goes white.
Astrid (Gwaahhhh!? H-How are these so big? W-Wait! Wait! If you move with cocks that huge...!)
Mercilessly, they begin to thrust.
Their veiny rods rub into her passages above and below, their fist-sized heads smashing her core.
Astrid "...................................."
The penis above is thick enough to dislocate her chin. It thrusts into her with lip-peeling force, rubbing its shaft along her throat.
With every deep thrust of his hips, Astrid is assailed by the crushing sensation of her throat being pried open and the pain of his round balls smacking against her lips. Yet she finds a strange pleasure in her suffocation.
Astrid (Can't... breathe...! He's tearing into my throat like it's my pussy... I'm feeling so dizzy... Guhh, I'm going to choke on this dick and dieee!)
The thrusts below into her vagina are similarly wild.
The thick cock pushes and grinds against her labia and erect clitoris, blasting her with pleasure.
After being constantly stimulated from her rectum, her womb is sensitive to the strikes it takes from her vagina, and she nearly faints from the pleasure.
Astrid (Eaaahh!? My pussy's going to break! It's so big it's going to tear into my womb! Ahh, my pussy's going to break! I can't take iiiit!)
A single thrust... No, a slight motion burns her nerves with orgasm-class pleasure.
Yet, her expression remains the same.
Like a broken doll, her body simply shakes at the force of the men's ferocious thrusts.
Soldier I "She's been pumped into so much, and she's not even the slightest bit loose! Now, this is a perfect fuck doll!"
Soldier J "She doesn't get loose, you can use her mouth as much as you want... Hell, she could just stay like this all her life!"
Astrid can no longer hear the men's mockery.
Astrid (It's pushing into my pussy as deep as it can get! Ahh, agghh, I want to cum. Let me cum. Let me cum, aaggghhh!)
Astrid (I'm going to cum... Oh, gods, please let me cum! It feels so good it's like my whole body is a pussy! I wanna cum. I wanna cuuuuuuuum!)
Nicola "Heh, heheh... If you want to cum, then just say you give up. Not that I expect you can hear me anymore..."
Soldier I "Oh, shit, I'm gonna cum! Time to finish you off!"
The men drive their stakes of meat as deep as they can into her top and bottom holes.
Plll... sshhh! Pwwssh! Pllltt!")
Pssshh! Plllt! Pwsssh!")
Pllp, plllp! Shlllpp! Spplllt!")
Astrid (Aggghhhh! T-There's so much hot stuff filling me up. All this seed inside of meee...!)
As the rods throb and unleash their head, an explosion of pleasure like lightning rocks Astrid's body.
Astrid (No, no, I can't take thiiiis! I can't beat being cum inside... My pussy's in total defeaaaat!)
Astrid (So please, please, please, let my loser pussy cuuuuuuum!)
Nicola "Heh, heheh... All right, I'll accept that as an admission of defeat..."
Nicola raises his hand towards the men.
Nicola "I-I'm going to dispel the paralysis! She's going to thrash about like a beast, s-so pull your cocks out!"
Before he finishes, heat gathers around her cum-heavy lower abdomen.
The surest sign of an orgasm drives Astrid mad with shameless joy.
Astrid (Ahh!? F-Finally, I'm free. My pussy can cum! My pussy can cum!)
Nicola "You'll be able to cum, sure, but you're going to get hit by all the pleasure that's been building up in your body all at once. G-Get ready."
Astrid (What!?)
Nicola "Spell, begone!"
Right as the penises are pulled out of her lower and upper holes, the spell is broken.
Astrid (T-The pleasure's going to hit me all at once? W-Wait! Wait... guh!? Ah, aaahhhhhh!?)
The built-up pleasure gushes out, and every hair on her body stands on end... making Astrid orgasm immediately.
Astrid "Brrreeehhh, I'm gumming! I'm gumming! I'm gummiiiinggg! Gumming from my pussshhhhyyyy! Ggaahh, aaggh, ahh, aiiieeee!"
As her pussy contracts, sticky white liquid jets out of every one of her abused holes.
This is followed by a geyser of clear ejaculate from her pussy and a flood of milk from her large breasts.
Astrid "Gyaahh, so much, I can't shtop gummiiiing, gahh, nnnn, aaahhhh, from my pusshhhyyyy!"
Nicola "A-All the pleasure that's built up is hitting you at once. Those dozens of cocks, dozens of tongues, and dozens of men cumming inside you... Y-You're taking it all at once!"
Astrid "Oohhh, ooohhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cuuuumming! Ahh, nnaaaahhh, aaaiiiee, I'm cumming from my pussy, aggaahahhhnnn!"
Their bodies spasm violently as if struck by lightning, and she shakes her body back and forth as if being thrust into from behind.
Liquid spreads across the room with each shake, and she ends up covered in the bodily fluids she expels.
Soldier A "She's giving herself a cum shower! It's like she's fucking all on her own!"
Astrid "Ooohhh, aaagghhh! Hootttt cuummm is all in my pusshhhy, gahhhh!"
Soldier B "This is the mightiest mage in the land? She sounds like she's totally brainless! Look at this sorry show!"
She does not go through a single orgasm, but one after the other, each more intense than the last.
Astrid "Nnnmmm! Huuoooh! Hyaaahh! Uunngh, my pussy! My pusssyyyyy!"
Astrid (Wwhhhhhhy? I don't want to cum anymore. My pussy can't take it anymore. It won't listen to me I'm going to breaaaaaak!)
She had felt like a doll made only to be raped before, but now she feels like a doll made only to orgasm.
Being used as a plaything with no will and being mocked and jeered at, she feels resignation take hold.
Astrid "Uwehhh, gwehh... ahh... I-I can't... win... not against the cock... uwah..."
At the limit of her stamina, her writhing movements grow weaker.
Astrid "Nahhh... phhh... nahh... cocks... nah, I'm still cumming... pah... ah, hyah..."
Eventually, she crumbles to the floor and loses consciousness.
Her body continues to twitch from powerful orgasms, however, evidenced by her shuddering and spilling of drool.
Astrid "...................................."
Semi-solid semen runs out of her trembling, reddened vagina.
Nicola "Heh, heheh... I bet you see how powerful my art is now, d-don't you? It doesn't j-just control your body..."
Nicola looks down at Astrid, a satisfied smile on his face.
............
......
...
#20_app04
Before the Holy Kingdom and the Service Nation went to war.
When the knights under Derek's command were attacking the cities and small countries around the Service Nation...
Luka "Shit, why do I have to do work like this...?"
Luka runs a pen over documents while complaining.
She is the only one in the guardhouse now. Even if she grumbles, there is nobody there to hear it.
Several days earlier...
The guardhouse that morning is filled with anxiety before the army is to march.
Several days from that day they will attack a mountain fortress.
Derek is beside Luka. She's focused on the preparation.
Derek "What are you doing? Didn't I tell you that you were staying behind this time?"
Luka "No...! I'll come too!"
Derek "You're unneeded. You'll get in the way."
Her desperate pleas are dismissed without hesitation.
But Luka is undeterred and continues trying to protest. Lucaon places his large, furry paw on her head.
Lucaon "Be a good girl and stay at home this time. You've got a lot of work to do, don't you?"
Lucaon says that and tussles Luka's hair while pointing to the administration desk with his other hand.
There are. numerous documents piled up on the desk.
Luka "Don't touch me! You can stay behind and do them then!"
Luka swats Lucaon's hand away violently and glares at him.
Lucaon shrugs and speaks in a disappointed tone.
Lucaon "I'd like to, but I'm the right-hand man for this operation."
Luka "You...!"
Lucaon "Heheheh, good luck with the paperwork."
Lucaon smiles as he speaks and follows Derek out of the guardhouse without so much as a wave.
Luka (Shit! Lucaon's stupid face...!!)
Remembering his grin when Lucaon left, she gets angry and punches the documents.
Luka (No, I mustn't get emotional...)
Luka shakes her head to change her mood.
She can't help it. She wonders if there is any way she can show how useful she is here and now.
Luka (Right... How about I search around the castle while I'm acting in the commander's stead?)
She has acted as a scout to gather information in the past. She might be able to gain some information by checking out the castle.
She might be taken on the next expedition if she can get her hands on some useful information and prove her worth.
Luka's feelings start to elevate suddenly.
Luka "Hahaha... Lucaon, I'll show you...!"
Luka quickly finishes her work and heads into the castle.
Luka (I might even get praised by the commander...)
She feels a faint hope in her chest.
Luka walks through the castle's corridors with an expressionless face.
Luka (I was able to get some new info...)
A general known for loving his wife has had a bastard with a maid.
Two ministers are arguing about a double affair.
It seems that the amount of food in the cafeteria has decreased to save costs.
It all might be interesting as gossip, but it's nothing that can be reported to her commander.
Luka (I need to find something more useful... for the commander...)
Her face grows stiff, and she walks aimlessly through the castle.
Luka (Hmmm...?)
The door to the audience room is slightly open at the end of the hall.
Moreover, the soldiers who normally should be there are gone.
Luka (What's going on? Is the empress not there...?)
Luka raises an eyebrow and stares at the gap between the door.
She didn't have a chance to get any info on the empress.
Luka (Ladomira is a hindrance to the commander's accession to the throne... If I can grasp some information now, it might be of help.)
A sharp light enters Luka's eyes.
She stifles her footsteps and slips in through the gap in the door.
The audience room is a place for generals. It's not somewhere she is allowed to enter...
She had heard rumors, but it is the first time she's ever actually entered.
Luka walks deep into the room on alert.
In the center of the large room is a luxurious bed in the place of a throne. It truly symbolizes Ladomira.
The luxurious bed is surrounded by naked men laying down.
Luka (Why is this place...?)
Luka looks down at the men in bewilderment.
They don't seem to have any visible wounds...
Ladomira "What is going on here?"
She suddenly hears a voice come from behind her.
Luka "Hnn...!"
Luka braces herself and turns around to find Ladomira standing there with a smile on her face.
Ladomira "Hey, it looks like I surprised you. I'm sorry."
Luka (S-She snuck up on me...!? Even though I was on alert...!?)
Luka didn't sense the presence of anybody. Her heart is shaken, but she tries her best to keep a neutral expression and bow her head like an obedient subject.
Luka "I'm sorry. There were no guards and the door was open, so I thought something might have happened to you, my liege..."
Ladomira "Ah, I had some free time, so I played with the guards. Haha, their cocks are crude, but they really clung to me."
Ladomira shrugs her soldiers and narrows her eyes lustfully under her long eyelashes.
Luka (She's certainly a succubus. It's just as rumored...)
Ladomira's golden eyes look at Luka's face.
Ladomira "I've seen you somewhere, yes...?"
Luka (Hnn...! Shit, if I'm found out, it'll cause trouble for the commander...)
Luka panics and bows to hide her face.
Luka "It can't be. I-I have never met you Lady Ladomira..."
Ladomira "Ah, you're Derek's half-elf, right!?"
Ladomira is not on guard at all. She smiles happily as though she's found a toy.
Ladomira "Perfect. If Derek is out on an expedition, you're free, right? Let's play together."
Luka "P-Play...?"
Ladomira "Sex. It's not bad to do it with a girl once in a while."
Luka recalls a rumor. The empress doesn't just sleep with men. She also occasionally plays with women...
Luka (I-It isn't a joke...!)
She glances at the men exhausted below her feet. If she plays with Ladomira, she will certainly end up like them.
Luka "N-No, such a commoner like me couldn't be with somebody as great as you, my liege. I can't be rude, so I must take my leave..."
Ladomira "Oh, has Derek disciplined his subordinates to turn down my requests?"
Luka "N-No! I-I... just don't want to overstep my bounds..."
If this keeps up, she will cause Ladomira to unnecessarily doubt Derek.
She promptly tells Ladomira that she is wrong when she thinks of that, but she has fallen perfectly into Ladomira's hand.
Ladomira smiles.
Ladomira "Hahaha, you don't need to show restraint. I've suggested it after all. Let's have some fun as girls."
When told that, Luka realizes there is no way out.
Luka heads to Ladomira's bed like she has been invited.
Ladomira sits elegantly on the bed and gets Luka to stand before her.
Ladomira "First, undress."
Luka "Y-Yes... excuse me for polluting your eyes..."
Luka nods her head reluctantly and throws all of her clothes to the side.
Ladomira "Hahaha, you've got quite a beautiful body. I thought as a member of the Black Dogs you would be covered in scars..."
Ladomira's eyes are filled with curiosity. They look over every inch of Luka's body.
She's never been ogled at by another woman until now.
Luka (It feels strange...)
Ladomira showers Luka with unrestrained questions. It makes Luka feel uncomfortable.
Ladomira "You've got quite small tits, huh? When you swing your sword, do you shave them away?"
Luka "No, it's not that..."
Ladomira "I have heard that smaller ones are more sensitive, but how are yours? Have you ever cum from just having your boobs played with?"
Luka "Eh... errr, umm..."
Ladomira stares at Luka as she flinches at the risque question.
Ladomira "Yes? No?"
Luka "Yes..."
Luka (Shit... It's even more embarrassing doing this with a woman...!)
Luka feels especially uncomfortable hearing obscene things from a woman after spending her life with a troupe of knights consisting only of men.
Ladomira leans out to Luka, aware of her reaction.
Ladomira "Do you have a lot of experience? How many people have you slept with?"
Luka "I don't know... Umm, I didn't count..."
Ladomira "Is that so? In this country, half-elves are born sex slaves and are used as cum dumpsters, yeah? You can't remember how many cocks have used you, huh?"
Luka grits her teeth in the face of her shameful past.
Luka "Y-Yes... that's right..."
Ladomira "Then, has Derek fucked you?"
Luka "Hahh...!?"
Luka's eyes open wide at the sudden question.
Ladomira "That face...! The answer is written all over it, but won't you try to say it verbally? Do you know how huge Derek's dick is?"
Luka (W-Why does she...!?)
Ladomira's teasing expression causes irritation to grow on her face.
No matter how foolish she feels, she must stay flirtatious.
She can't expose her feelings here.
Luka opens her mouth and tries to be as resolute as possible.
Luka "Yes, he is my commander, so..."
Ladomira "Haha, so he has fucked you, huh? Do you like being thrust into from behind like a dog? Or do you like fucking him while moving your hips on top?"
Ladomira's sexually harassing questions don't stop.
But Luka changes how she feels.
It might be great luck that she's been able to get this close.
Ladomira is relaxed when in bed.
If she could acquire some information at this opportunity...
Ladomira "You can't have fun if you're so on guard."
She giggles and looks at Luka with charming eyes.
Luka "Nahhhhhh!?"
As soon as she notices her heart racing, her heart picks up in speed, and her whole body burns.
The overwhelming heat is in her abdomen. And her nipples.
Luka (Nah... ah, what is going on...!?)
Her chest pounds like it is running at full speed, she is covered in sweat, and her breathing is erratic... After several moments, her hips begin to shake with longing.
Luka "Nah... hah, hahh, ahhh... ngh, hnn..."
Luka readjusts her posture to stop her hips from shaking on their own, but her lower body aches and trembles anyway.
Her light pink nipples get big and erect. Juices ooze from her heated crotch.
Luka (I-It's hot... His body aches... Hahhhh, I-I want to touch... I want a finger in my cunt, and my nipples pinched... Khhh, what am I thinking!?)
Luka (Calm down. This is her charms... Nahhh, this is her tiefling powers!! But, hnn, khhh, I didn't think her magic was this powerful...!)
She heard about tieflings from Derek, but this is her first time experiencing it.
Luka bites her lip and tries to suppress her excitement desperately.
Ladomira "Haha... is it the first time you felt my charms? It's like being drunk on a wonderful liquor... It is a pleasant feeling..."
Ladomira smiles and reaches her hand to Luka.
Ladomira "Now, you're feeling better, aren't you? Come."
#RP_kai_luc_01
Luka "Nah... hanghhh...!"
Ladomira embraces Luka from behind and pulls her to bed.
Thrilling pleasure rushes through her body just from being embraced by Ladomira's soft body, and she feels her pussy get wet.
Luka (I can't believe this alone is getting me off... W-What is happening to my body... This is exciting my sexual urges...!)
Ladomira "Your body is burning to an unbelievable degree, yeah? You want to touch your aching cunt, right...?"
Ladomira brings her hot lips to Luka's earlobe and breathes on it.
Ladomira "How about you masturbate for me first? Touch your cunt with that hand..."
Ladomira lightly guides Luka's hand to touch her own hot slit.
Luka "Nahhhhhhhhhh! Ah, ah...!"
Her wet slit is opened, and a strong odor rises from it.
She feels herself getting dizzy in embarrassment as she holds her breath and pinches her clit. She slides one of her fingers into her wet pussy.
Luka "I-I... am so wet... Nahhhhh, anghhhh! Hahhhh, khhhhhhh!"
Luka quickly moves her finger without giving herself time to get used to the presence of her finger.
She pinches hard on her exposed clit, and she strokes it up and down.
At the same time, the finger in her pussy turns like a key, stimulating her G-spot.
Her masturbation is immediately full force.
Luka "Nahhhhh, hanghhhhh! Hahhhh, hahhhhhh!!"
Ladomira "Oh, so fast. It's like you're shooting your pussy juices all about."
Ladomira "A woman's body is slender, so you must touch it more gently... Haha, are you that unable to wait any longer? You want to cum, right?"
The embarrassment builds in Luka as Ladomira giggles in her ear.
But her excited body doesn't stop. She immerses deeper into her masturbation feeling more pleasure than shame.
Luka (No... I can't get any information if... I feel like this...!)
But her finger movements and pleasure won't stop.
Her hot and trembling body no longer feels like it is hers.
Luka "Nahhhh, hahhhh, ahhhhhh, I'm... cumming, nahhhh... I can't take it any longer...!!"
Luka's body is pushed to its limit, and it begins to tremble, forewarning her orgasm.
The movement of her fingers plunges deep, seeking to deliver the final blow.
Luka (No, if I cum, I'm going to feel even funnier...!)
Luka focuses all of her strength to try to endure, but...
Because of that, she squeezes tight around her finger, and her pleasure reaches new heights.
Luka "Knghhhhhh, nahhhhh... No, nooooo!"
Luka shakes her head to the left and right at the sensation thrusting into her lower abdomen.
Ladomira "Ngh, good. Cum... Hold me... and cum."
Luka climaxes as Ladomira instructs her through an alluring whisper.
Luka "Hahhhh, hahhhhh... I'm cumming...!! This is... Nahh, ahhhhhhhh!"
Intense pleasure thrusts up from her pelvis, going all the way to her head.
Hot pussy juices spray out from her climaxing pussy.
Luka "Hahh, ah... ahhhhh! Khhh, wahhhh...!"
Ladomira "Haha, how cute... For an elven cum dumpster, aren't you moaning like a first timer...?"
Ladomira grips Luka's body tightly with her hot arms as Luka trembles from the sensuality.
The sensation of high-grade silk on her flesh and the moist breaths on her earlobes cause her orgasm's pleasure to deepen.
Luka's pupils shake in bewilderment as her naked body trembles within Ladomira's arms.
Luka (Even if I've fallen... under her charms...)
She steadies her breath from the orgasmic panting, regretting that she's felt pleasure at all.
Ladomira's dainty fingers graze Luka's small breasts.
Luka "Hhh...!"
Ladomira "It's not time to settle down yet, yeah? Look, your obscene body wants more..."
Ladomira's warm fingers tickle the underside of Luka's boobs.
Luka's body trembles and pleasure shoots through her from those slight movements because of the unusual sensitivity of her body.
Luka "Please... stop. I just came...!"
Ladomira "Isn't it fine because you're sensitive after cumming? It feels good having your sensitive body touched gently like this, right...?"
Ladomira's fingers touch her so softly it's like a feather... Luka can't tell if she's truly being touched or not.
Pleasure is pulled from deep inside her body due to the sweet touches she's never felt before especially not from a man.
Luka "Ngh... nahhhhh, ah... ahh, hahhhhhh..."
Ladomira "Women know better what a woman likes. Under your boobs here... and on your belly here..."
Each time Ladomira's fingers crawl over Luka's hot skin, Luka's whole body is relieved of its strength, and she embraces Ladomira more deeply.
Luka kisses Ladomira's silk-like skin, and her back pushes against Ladomira's giant tits. They're soft enough that her body just sinks into them.
Luka (Nah... A woman's body is so soft... Just being touched feels good...)
Luka's mind gets hazier and hazier at the sweet sensation coming from Ladomira's whole body and not just her fingers.
Ladomira's slender fingers touch Luka's wet slit between her legs, gently touching her engorged labia.
Luka "Ngh... hahh, ahhhhhhhhh...!"
Ladomira "Hahahah, your cunt is so open. It's moving around like it wants something inside. Do you want me to penetrate you that badly? Do you want me to finger you like you fingered yourself earlier...?"
Ladomira lays her lips on Luka's earlobes while whispering sweetly.
Luka's lower body trembles slightly and slides forward.
Ladomira "Hahaha, what's the matter? Do you want me to push against your cunt...? Do you want something in here?"
Luka "Nghhhhh... Y-Yes... please fuck my... cunt with your finger, my liege."
Luka surrenders just from having the entrance to her pussy lightly pulled on.
Luka says what Ladomira wants her to as Luka's face turns red with shame.
Ladomira "Hahhh, yes... Hahaha, you want me to fuck your cunt, yes? But it would be boring to just bring about your desires, so... I will bring you more pleasure..."
Ladomira's white finger enters Luka's engorged pussy and gently twists about inside.
Luka "Hyah... ah, ahhhh... nahhhhh, ah!"
Each time Ladomira's fingers move slightly, Luka feels a numbing amount of pleasure run up her spine, and transparent pussy juices flow ceaselessly out of her pussy.
Ladomira continues deeper into Luka's pussy as wet sounds come out.
Ladomira "Look, a girl's insides... mm, mm... are smooth and soft. You're sucking on my fingers... you want it so bad..."
Ladomira "This is swelling up too. It's like a small cock... A girl's cock. I'll give it a stroke."
While her insides are caressed slowly, her erect clit is slowly moved back and forth.
Each time the red bud is twisted left and right, the stimulation spreads from the base of her clit throughout her whole pussy, and the core of her mind goes numb.
Luka "Hhh, hhhhhh! Nahhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhh! I'm melting...!!"
Luka (Nghhh... I-It's the first time it has been like this...! I-It's incredibly gentle... but I feel like my body is melting away...! No! No...!)
Luka shakes her head in pain unable to endure the intense pleasure.
Ladomira "You're cute... Haha, it feels good being with another woman, yeah...?"
Ladomira's sweet voice goes into Luka's ear like poison, and she can't even shake her head.
Ladomira "You still haven't had enough, yeah? I already know all of your pleasure points."
Ladomira laughs, and she pinches the tip of Luka's erect clit with her slender fingers.
And while pulling up on it, she begins to jerk it from the base.
Ladomira "You like having your girl dick jerked like this, yeah?"
Luka "Hangh! Ah... No, I don't want that... Angh, nahhhhh!"
Luka's body jumps at the sudden intense stimulation. It's like she has been struck by lightning.
Her whole body takes the sharp stimulation she couldn't receive from the gentle caressing as though she had been waiting for it for a long time.
Ladomira "Are you saying that I'm mistaken? Aren't pussy juices erupting from you just from having your clit jerked a little?"
Luka "Nahhhh, anghhh! Nghhhhh! If you jerk that o----!?"
When her erect clit is stroked, the sharp pleasure will shoot from her crotch to her head with each stroke.
Her body twists greatly inside Ladomira's arms as juices flow out of Luka.
Ladomira "Hahahaha, I'm sorry. You really don't like having your clit touched, huh? Then... how about this?"
Ladomira twists her slender fingers against the juice-soaked walls of Luka's pussy, pushing against her swollen G-spot.
Luka "Hnghhhh!? Hahhhhh!!"
Ladomira "Hahaha, good. Next, I'll go around here. Moan more for my entertainment."
Ladomira's lips press against Luka's hot earlobe as Ladomira's fingers press against Luka's G-spot, rubbing slightly.
Her soft, round fingers and her hard nails play precisely with Luka's weak points.
Luka "Hyah! Hhh, hhh, hhhhh! Nahhh, ah, no, you can't just push on me there... Khnghhhhh!"
Pleasure spreads from her pussy, and her sweaty thighs bounce about.
Ladomira "Haha, when I pull your clit, your cunt squeezes tight and swallows up my fingers. It's asking me to rub and torment it more..."
Her slender fingers are different from a man's. They rhythmically stroke her engorged clit, occasionally shaking it left and right.
Sweet stimulation rushes through her entire crotch and her abdomen is literally drained of strength.
Luka "Khhh, hnghhhh! Hah... ah, my cunt is aching... Nghhhh, hahhhh! Augh, my liege, show me mercy... Hhhh, nghhhh... hnn!"
Luka (My vision is flickering... My cunt is exactly as she says... No, I must... gather information on her, though!)
Luka's back bends from the intense pleasure within Ladomira's arms.
Ladomira embraces Luka, pushing her warm body against her.
Their smooth skin press against each other harder. It's like their bodies are kissing, and the pleasure from it spreads through Luka.
Ladomira "Good. The more you enjoy it the more your cunt moves. It's sucking on my fingers like they're a cock. I see... that you've got quite the useful cunt for the Black Dogs."
Luka "Ahhhhh, hhhh, khhhhh...! Ah, ah, it's coming again...! Nahhh, ahhh!"
Intense pleasure strikes Luka from her hot and aching abdomen. She feels the power draining from her body as she shakes her head.
Ladomira "Oh, are you already going to cum? You're a horny girl, huh? Isn't it boring to cum so quickly? Endure a little longer."
Ladomira embraces Luka's body while pulling on the tip of her trembling clit.
A strong pleasure tears at her mind in that instant.
Luka "Hyah, hyah! I'm cumming! Nahhhhh, aughhhhh...!!"
Luka's body bends greatly from the intense orgasmic pleasure.
Luka "Ahhhhhhh! I'm cumming... Nghhhh! Nghhh... nah, ahhhhhhhhhh!!"
Her pussy tightens around the fingers inside, and at the same time, transparent fluids erupt from her pussy.
Ladomira "Oh, it's erupting... Even though I told you to endure, what a useless child, truly."
Ladomira's fingertips pull away from her G-spot to mix about her fluids.
Luka "Nahhhhhhh! I-It feels too good... Hhh... aughhhhh...!!"
Intense pleasure pushes up from her abdomen to her head over and over.
Luka squirts while her legs slam into one another.
Luka "No... ahhhhhh! Hhhh, khhhhhhh, nghhhhhhh... hnn...!"
Ladomira "It's shameful to cum so easily. Has your cunt not been disciplined...?"
With a secretive smile on her face, Ladomira stops moving her fingers.
She twists her fingers like a key to spread out her pussy after it tightened from orgasm, moving them in and out.
Luka "Nahhhhhh, aughhhhhh! I-I am cumming now... Ahhhhhhh! M-My liege, show mercy...!!"
Luka screams from the pleasure. It's so great she struggles to breathe.
Ladomira "Oh, you wanted to cum so badly even though I couldn't endure it, though? In that case, why don't you cum as much as you want...? I'll make you cum over and over again."
Ladomira fucks Luka's pussy while pinching and pulling on her erect clit to a painful degree.
Luka "I can't take it any longer... I'm cumming now... Augh, I can't believe it's continuing this long...!! Nah, ah!!"
Ladomira "Shut up. You talk back too much."
Luka "Nghhhhh!? Hghhhhhhhh!!"
Ladomira's white finger pinches her bright red clit hard, twisting it left and right.
Luka "Ahhhhhhh, ahhhhhhh! Ahhhh... Y-You're breaking my clit...!!"
Luka opens her eyes wide from the intense stimulation, and her body stretches out.
Each time her clit is twisted, her labia tremble below it, and white pussy juices spill out between them.
Ladomira "Your juices are dripping... Isn't it good? Shall I make you collapse in orgasm to the point that your clit and cunt are broken? That sounds amusing."
Luka "Stop... Please... My liege, mercy...! Nahhhhhh!? Hghhhhhhh!!"
Ladomira directly pinches and strokes her clit.
Several slender fingers push deeper into her pussy.
Luka's lower body trembles as she desperately screams for mercy from the pleasure hitting her from both the inside and the outside.
Luka "Ahhhhhhh... No, I just came now... I can't take it, nahhh, ahhhhhhh! Ahhh... I can't take any more pleasure!"
Each time Ladomira's body twists, her big breasts squish behind Luka's back.
It should be a comfortable sensation, but Luka is too aroused, so it's painful.
Ladomira "What are you saying? You are my toy now, so if I tell you to writhe, you will writhe, and if I tell you to cum, you will cum."
Ladomira tilts her head and brings her mouth close to Luka's ear, and her long hair brushes against Luka's skin.
The fires of pleasure are shaking her body to the core at that stimulation.
Luka (Nghhhhhh... I'm being made to cum again... Although h-her charms are upon me... I can't believe I've cum this much...!!)
The delicateness that Ladomira showed at the beginning has given away to roughness like what came before was a lie, but Luka's body curls up at the assault to her weak points.
Luka "Ahhhhh, hhhhhh! I'm cumming! Even though I just came... I can't take it anymore... Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
The walls of her pussy squeeze tight, clinging around the finger fucking her.
Ladomira's long fingers pierce deep into Luka's pussy.
Ladomira "Hey, cum again, you useless cunt...!"
Luka "Kffff, I'm cumming...! I'm cumming! Ah, ahhhhhhhhh... J-Just from your finger...!!"
A sharp pleasure shoots through her entire body.
The third orgasm is much more intense than the second one.
Luka "Nahhh, aughhhhhh! I'm cumming... I'm cumming too much... Nahhhhhhh, hahhhhhhh!!"
Sweat and pussy juice has made the sheets wet. Her legs struggle on those sheets as she screams.
Her lower body trembles from her third orgasm, and her naked body shines like a jewel from her sweat.
Luka's body is clearly full of fatigue... but Ladomira shows no signs of stopping her hands.
Luka "Ahh, hahhhh! Hahh, hahhh... I'm sorry... I can't take it any longer, my liege... I can't cum any longer..."
She is still writhing from her orgasm while looking up weakly at Ladomira. She groans in pain with tears in her eyes.
Ladomira "Hmph, yes..."
Once again, Ladomira's eyes shimmer.
Luka "Ah...!? Ah... ah...!!"
Her whole body is burning, and lust explodes inside the core of her body.
Luka "Hahhhhh!? Nah, ahhhhh..."
After just having orgasmed, her pussy and womb ache.
A finger isn't enough. She desires something hotter and thicker. Juices drip from her pussy as her labia move opened and closed.
Luka shakes her head in bewilderment at the lust coming to life within her.
Luka "Ah, ahhhh... C-Cock... No, no, no...! Hahhh, hahhhh... I want... I want a cock...!"
She groans and sighs.
Even though she should be finished orgasming, the sweat on her body won't stop. Her body's heat doesn't go away, and her heart just beats faster.
Luka "Nahhh, ahhhhhh... I'm aching... Hahhhh, c-cock... Ahhhhhh, why...? Why... are my hips moving on their own...?"
She can't hide the shaking of her hips.
But her scared eyes grow wet with lust, and drool runs down her trembling lips.
Ladomira "Oh, weren't you already past your limit?"
Luka "I can't take it... I can't cum any longer... Ugh, but... cock... Hahh, pound my gushy pussy... with cock... Ahhh, noooo..."
Even though Luka just came, she can't stop wanting more.
Luka thrusts her own fingers into her pussy as her eyes drift around all over in search of a cock.
Luka "Hanghhhhhh...! Ughhhhhhh...!!"
Even if she sticks her fingers down to her knuckles, her hunger just increases.
Her pussy wraps around her finger, dragging them in deeper.
Luka "Cock... cock... Nah... This isn't enough... Thicker... Hotter... Nghhh, it's not enough..."
Luka adds another finger and moves them in and out.
Her fingers move around mixing up the juices inside of herself.
Ladomira "What an improper little cunt. So noisy."
Luka feels shame without Ladomira's comment.
But her body's hunger is to a degree much greater than she is aware. She wants a hot clump in her.
Luka "Hahhh, hnghhhhh! Kahhhhhhhh! Uhhhhh, more, more... Cock...!"
Luka moans while moving her fingers.
She sticks them in all the way down to her knuckles and presses her labia back, but she still doesn't feel full.
Luka "Nahhhhhh, cock... Ahhhhhh, why...? W-Why is there no cock...!?"
Luka shakes her head on the verge of tears and groans in pain.
Ladomira stares happily at Luka with a smile on her face.
Ladomira "If you want cock that bad, shall I give you this?"
Ladomira's tail worms up as soon as she finishes speaking and takes the shape of a thick male cock.
Luka "Ah, ahhhhh..."
Luka's lower body aches and juices pour out of her the instant she sees it.
Ladomira "Hahah, it's incredible, right?"
Luka cannot take her eyes off Ladomira's tail.
It's thick and veiny.
The head is bulbous, and the ridge around it is very wide.
Luka unintentionally gulps.
Ladomira "You know you're a cum dumpster, yes? I wonder how much this tail can make you cum..."
Luka (I can't... I've been taken in her charms... I can't believe I want it... Although it's the in the shape of a cock... Mm, cock...)
Her remaining rationale leads her to shake her head.
Her wet eyes are locked on the tip of the tail.
Ladomira "Oh, you're still denying yourself. Toss that away... and enjoy my tail dick."
Ladomira laughs lightly and twists her tail about, plunging it entirely into Luka's pussy.
Luka "M-My liege...!? Aghhhhhhhh!?"
The force of the penetration causes Luka's body to arch backward.
The hot fake cock rubs aggressively against her hungry pussy.
In that instant, her feelings of protest are pushed away.
Luka "Hahhhhhhhhh! Nahhh, ahhhhhh! It's finally here! Your tail cock is there!"
The pleasure sends trembles through her entire body.
Her painfully empty stomach is now filled with satisfaction in a moment. The tail starts pounding her.
Luka "The cock's good! I wanted this! It's filling me up...!!"
It's different from a real cock. Its movements are like a snake, and it rubs every inch of Luka's pussy.
The length is far longer than the largest of cocks. It pleasures her entire pussy, filling the whole thing.
Luka "Hnghhhhh, hnghhhh... anghhhh, your tail cock pounding me feels so good...!"
Luka thrusts her hips on her own, pushing the cock deep into her as she moans through her drool-covered lips.
Luka "Hanghhhhh, hahhhh, hahhhhh, hahhhh!"
Hot cock is plowing her pussy. There is an immense amount of pleasure.
Unintentionally, the thought of where and what she is doing flies from her head.
Ladomira "Hahaha, your cunt is nice and tight... Aren't you quite a nice bitch for Derek?"
Ladomira moves her tail quickly to force open Luka's narrow pussy.
Luka "Fwah! Hahh, hnghhhhh!"
The strength and texture are completely different from a finger. The numbing pleasure spreads, and Luka's hips move unintentionally into the air.
Luka (No... I can't take it... B-But I've wanted this for so long... I wanted cock...!)
The juices flow out of her without end, and her legs struggle on top of the sheets.
A cock could never move the way that her tail is.
Luka "Hanghhhhh, hahhh! Hahhh, hahhhh, there! Harder! Nghhh, nghhhh... nahhhhh, anghhhhhhh!"
It is the third time Luka has been made to cum, but because of Ladomira's charms, she can't be satisfied.
The sensitivity of her body increases, and she is hit with the desire to cum even more because of how easily she's getting off now.
Luka moves her hips asking to get fucked herself before she knows it.
Luka "Hahhhhh, nah, ah, ahhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhh, I'm already cumming. My liege, I'm cumming...!"
A sweet nervous tremble shoots up her spine, and her pussy swallows up the tail.
But Ladomira stops moving it immediately before Luka orgasms.
Luka "Augh... uh, ah... W-Why? P-Please make me cum... Hahhh, I want to cum...!"
Luka moans improperly as she tries to move her hips, but Ladomira holds her still from behind.
Ladomira "No."
Luka "Agh...! Khhh...!"
Ladomira completely prevents Luka's movements, wrapping her arms and legs around her like a spider.
An unimaginable amount of strength comes from Ladomira's slender body.
Ladomira "If you want this, you must become my pet. You're snooping around for Derek, aren't you?"
Luka "Hnn...!!"
Luka's hot body instantly cools down at what Ladomira whispers to her.
She's been caught.
Ladomira "You're quite amusing, so I'll let you be my pet, and you can betray Derek."
At the same time as Ladomira lets out a sigh against Luka's flesh, Ladomira's hard dick tail twists around in Luka's pussy.
Luka "Hahhhhhh! Ahhh...! Hnn...!!"
She tightens her pussy, asking for more pleasure.
Luka (Ngh... I can't betray C-Commander! Compared to Commander, this fake cock is... Hnn...!!)
But no matter how tough Luka tries to be, her hips move, asking for more cock, regardless of her will.
Luka "Khhh... hhh... ngh, uhhhh...!"
Ladomira "Hey... don't you want it? This is..."
Her tail twists greatly, thrusting deep into Luka's pussy.
Luka twists her body from the sweet pleasure shooting through her whole body.
Luka "Ah... hahhhhhhhh... I-I want it... hnn!! Ngh... No, I... I...!"
Ladomira "You say that, but you want to move your hips again, don't you? You want me to pound you, right?"
Ladomira "If you become my pet... I'll thrust it into you right away and make you cum... Once or twice. Or more."
Luka "Nahhh... hnnn! Hahh, hahh, hahh, hahhhh... hnn..."
Luka tries to endure by gritting her teeth, but she screams loudly just from having her pussy rubbed by Ladomira's slight movements.
Ladomira "Well...? You want me to fuck your cunt raw, yeah? You're squeezing tight around my tail cock, you know?"
Ladomira "You can just nod. If you do so... As you wished, your head feels so much pleasure that my mind is going blank..."
Her whole body is once again taken by her charms, urging her lust to grow greater, and her pussy aches.
From her sweaty nipples, breasts, belly, pussy, and clit, a thrilling pleasure rushes up her spine just from them being exposed to the air. Drool runs down her lips.
Luka "Khhhhh, hhhh... ghhhh, uhhhh, I want to cum, nghhhhh... nghhh, uh... uh...!!"
If Ladomira thrusts into Luka's wet pussy now...
If she presses her labia back forcefully...
Her cock-hungry pussy squeezes tightly around the tail dick.
Luka "Hahhh, hhhh... Cock... hnnn... No... can't betray... Commander... My loyalty is to my commander...!"
Tears run down her cheeks as she strains her groaning throat.
Ladomira "Your master has disciplined you well."
Ladomira smiles in satisfaction, clinging tightly to Luka.
Ladomira "Good. If you had betrayed your own and become my pet, I wouldn't have shown you any mercy."
Ladomira "If you betrayed Derek and followed me... I would have left you to lowly monsters."
Luka "Hhh...!"
The blood drains from Luka in an instant because it is clear to her that Ladomira isn't joking.
Luka's body stiffens with fear. Ladomira embraces her yet again and laughs.
Ladomira "Hahaha, in consideration of your loyalty, I'll forgive you this time. And give you a reward."
Ladomira's tail bends greatly and thrusts it right into Luka's cervix.
Shllllp... shlllllp!! Shllllllp!!")
Luka "Hahhhhhh! Nahhhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming right away! Your tail cock is making me cum!!"
The pleasure that built up while she was waiting to cum explodes suddenly, and Luka is pushed to an intense orgasm.
Her hard tail thrashes about in her orgasmically narrowed pussy, rubbing her G-spot and twisting into her cervix.
Luka "Nghhhhhh, hahhhhhh! I'm cumming... Aghhhhh, I can't take this any longer!!"
The intense movements rip through her aroused pussy and are visible under her brown abdomen.
Because she had endured so long, she can't fight against the pleasure rushing into her.
Ladomira "Hahaha, you certainly are a cum dumpster. You vow your loyalty while cumming from any old cock... It's true that half-elves are sluts right to the core, yeah?"
Luka "Nghhhhhhh, hhhhh! I'm sorry that I'm a slut! Your tail cock is making me cum right away!"
With each twist of the tail in her gaping pussy, Luka's body writhes on top of the bed.
She thrashes about carelessly as a stringed marionette as her hips thrust back and forth. It's very humorous.
Ladomira "Hey, how does my cock compare to Derek's?"
Ladomira whispers to Luka as she rubs her trembling abdomen.
Memories of his built physique before he left on his expedition and of being held by him flash through her mind, making her chest tight.
Luka "C-Commander is better... But I like this cock too! I love it! It's not my commander's cock, but i-it feels too good...!"
Tears spill out of her eyes in an instant from the patheticness of her own words.
But at the same time, she is getting fucked by somebody other than the one she loves, and her head burns with pleasure at the immorality of all.
Ladomira "Yes, then, how is your cunt feeling now, orgasming right away from another person's cock?"
Luka "Hahhhhh! M-My slutty cunt is gripping around another person's cunt! Nghhhh, it's too good. I won't stop shaking my ass flirtatiously for cock!!"
The pleasure increases the more pathetic things she says.
Luka grinds her teeth audibly at the pleasure that makes her mind feel distant as her hips shake about frantically.
Luka "Ahhh! I can't take it any longer! I'm cumming again! I feel something incredible coming next!"
Ladomira "Haha, you know when you cum you're screaming about a cock other than Derek's right? Because you're cumming from my cock."
Luka "I-I'm cumming from a cock other than my commander's...!?"
The words thrown at her make her feelings of immorality grows greater, making her feel a dazzling amount of arousal. At the same time, the will to resist wells up inside her.
Ladomira "Derek won't be angry. You're a cum dumpster after all. Your cunt cums from any old dick."
The tip of Ladomira's tail cock thrusts into her cervix, and it twists around inside of her.
With each oscillation in her organs, she feels like her body is rising.
Luka "Ngh... hhh... hhhhhhhh! I-I have such a pathetic cunt!"
She feels like she belongs only to her commander.
But those thoughts are clouded by the intense movements, and the pleasure fills her head in the place of those thoughts.
Ladomira "If you want me to make you cum, say so. Say that you will cum with a cock that isn't your commander's... Say that you'll orgasm from another person's cock."
Ladomira's tail coils and thrusts hard against her cervix, pushing Luka into a corner.
Shllllllp! Shlllllp... shllllllllp...!!")
Luka "Hghhhhhh, hyahhhhh, ahhhh!? Nahhhhhh, ahhhhhhh... aghhhhhhh!!"
Luka moans at the intense sensation of having even her womb fucked.
Her abdomen is so hot she thinks she's going to burn. It pulsates rapidly.
Ladomira "Scream. Say that you're cumming from a cock other than your commander's. About what a pathetic half-elf cunt you are!"
Luka "Ahhh, aghhhhh, I can't take it any longer!! I-I'll say it! I'm cumming from a cock other than my commander's now!! I'm sorry, Commander!"
The tip of Ladomira's tail buries itself into Luka's cervix. In that instant, Luka bends her back greatly, and a geyser of pussy juices erupts from her.
Luka "I'm cumming from a cock other than my commander's!! I'm sorry that my cunt is so slutty and pathetic! I hate that another person's cock is making me orgasm so much!!"
Her eyes go white at the orgasmic feeling of the hot pillar thrusting into her.
Her legs slam against each other at the overwhelming pleasure, and her hips bounce.
Luka "I'm squirting. It's like a cock cumming. The pleasure of another person's dick is so much that it's making my cunt ejaculate!!"
Her pussy tightens because of her intense orgasm.
Normally, after ejaculating, a cock would be drained of strength, but that is not the case for Ladomira's tail.
The tail pushes Luka's closing walls open in reflex to its constrictions and thrusts deep inside of Luka as Luka orgasms.
Luka "Nghhhhhh, that's----!? Even though I'm cumming now, no, I'm still cumming from another person's cock!! I'm orgasming too much!! It's a betrayal! Ngh, aghhhhhhhhh!!"
Luka howls like a beast from her drool-covered lips at the intense pleasure crushing away all of her thoughts and rational mind.
Luka continues to orgasm and squirt.
Luka "Ahhhhhhh, I'm cumming! I'm still cumming from somebody other than my commander... Hghhh, t-this fake cock is making me orgasm over and over! I'm sorry for my stupid, slutty cunt."
Luka "Nahhhh, ahhhhhhhh!! I'm still cumming from another person's cock... I'm sorry, Commander!! I'm sorry that I've cum from another's cock when I'm supposed to be watching over things!"
Drowning in pleasure, drool and pussy juices spray all over while she screams out apologetic words.
Ladomira smiles satisfied at Luka's lewd state.
The movement of Ladomira's tail stops as though she's finally grown bored.
Luka "Hahhhhhh... hahh... ahhhh..."
Luka's body is finally drained of strength after cumming for so long.
The light is gone from Luka's eyes, and she appears half-conscious.
Ladomira "That was fun. Let's play again, okay?"
When Ladomira's hands touch Luka's sweaty skin, Luka's pussy spasms with Ladomira's tail still inside.
A ceaseless amount of juices come from deep inside Luka. The expensive sheets now have a large stain on them...
............
......
...
#20_app05
The night Derek took the Principality of Fuksvald.
The Service Nation Army is celebrating with a party in the camp.
The soldier's laughter as well as the cries of the captured foxfolk women as they are raped can be heard under the night sky.
Foxfolk A "Stop! I said stop! Y-You shameful disgrace!"
Foxfolk B "Let go of me... Ngh, don't even think this will break our spirit... Ahhhhhh!"
Their undaunted yet pained voices reach the tent where Kohaku is being held.
Kohaku "What are they thinking doing this to those who surrendered...!? Where is Derek!? Make them stop!"
The soldiers grin down at her as she objects to their treatment of her people.
Soldier A "The boss told us to do what we want, and it's up to us how we treat our captives."
Soldier B "They're lucky not to be killed. Besides, they're gonna get fucked from morning to night as whores of the Service Nation from now on, so consider it occupational training."
Kohaku "You animals!"
As Kohaku explodes in anger, she hears heavy footsteps.
Lucaon "What are you talking about? Who's the animal now?"
Kohaku turns to the voice and looks scornfully at the wolfman.
Lucaon "This is what happened after you pathetic foxes decided to fight us. You have nobody but yourselves to blame."
Kohaku "A wolfman? I don't want to hear that from dogs of the Service Nation who has thrown away their pride as a beastman."
Lucaon "Hmph, you sold your people out to Ladomira. Pride, my ass."
Kohaku "Ngh...! I was promised my people wouldn't be harmed if I surrendered to his army!"
Lucaon "Don't take it up with me. If you want to save your people so badly, then show me your strength."
Kohaku "My... strength?"
Kohaku enters a martial arts stance.
Lucaon "Whoa, you got the wrong idea."
Lucaon slowly shakes his head.
Lucaon "I know I'd win in a fight, so that wouldn't be any fun. I got it. if you don't yield after I fuck you, then I'll bring this up to the boss."
He gives her a big smile, baring his sharp fangs.
Lucaon "You gave me lip. I hope you're prepared to get fucked for it."
Kohaku "Ngh... Very well. Fuck me if you wish, but I shall not yield to the likes of you."
Her people were her family.
She is prepared to do anything to protect her family.
Lucaon "Hehehe, then show me your resolve."
Lucaon gives her a sinister smile as he begins to disrobe.
#RP_kai_koh_01
He easily picks Kohaku up with his furry arms and plunges his hard shaft inside her all at once.
Splrch! Shlllllp!")
Kohaku "Ngh!? Kfffff!?"
She isn't given any chance to brace herself as his swollen tip pushes through her small opening with force.
Kohaku (Argh!! It's going inside me... I didn't expect him to just plunge it in like this!)
His hot dick scrapes through her dry pussy's walls as pain shoots up her body.
His forceful penetration causes Kohaku to become nauseous, and she quickly bites her lip.
Kohaku "Agh... ngh...!"
Each time Lucaon jostles her body, a sharp pain spreads throughout her body, and a cold sweat forms on her forehead.
Lucaon "Hey, what's the matter? Are you yielding already?"
He laughs as he continues to fuck her.
Shlllllp... glkkkkk, glkkkk!!")
Kohaku "Ngh... hnn! Ghh, hhh... hnnn...!"
Perhaps it's because he is carrying her in the air and her feet are off the ground, but his shaft slides deep inside her since her entire body weight presses down as well.
Kohaku (Ngh! S-So deep! And it's so long! I can't believe it's so deep inside!)
It feels as if his tip is pushing on her cervical canal.
Kohaku can clearly feel the pain and pressure in her loins, but she doesn't let it show.
Kohaku "Don't underestimate me. This is nothing."
She can hear women screaming outside the tent.
Kohaku (I promise to save you all!)
Lucaon "I see. Then I guess I don't have to hold back."
Lucaon begins to fuck her harder.
He plows Kohaku's pussy, violently using the power generated by his strong haunches.
Kohaku "Ngh! Khh... hah! Mm!"
His dick enters her intensely, and it feels like his hard tip is scraping away at her pussy's walls.
Additionally, each time she's jostled, her whole body drops down on his giant cock, and she feels the shock travel up to her stomach.
Kohaku (I-It's like my precious area is getting punched from the inside... Ngh... Are wolfmen dicks all this large and powerful...!?)
She doesn't even need to try to hold in her screams.
The force is so strong that she can't even make a sound if she wanted.
Kohaku "Ngh!"
Lucaon "Hehehe, feels so good you can't even make a sound?"
Kohaku "N-No! Ngh! I-I'm just so bored and was about to fall asleep, mm! Ngh!"
All she can feel is the pain, pressure, and impact.
However, the strong sensation pounding on her uterus begins to warmly spread across her loins.
Simultaneously, her juices begin to wet her inside to protect her from the foreign object, allowing the movement to become smoother.
Kohaku "Mfff... fhh... ngh... uh...!"
As the pain subsides, her attention is directed at the wide head of his cock rubbing against her pussy's walls.
It feels more intense when he is pulling out. The head of his dick stimulates her pussy's walls like someone scratching at them with a bent finger.
Kohaku "Kah, hah... ah, nahhh... hnn!! Ngh... hahhh, khhhh, hahh...!"
An unwelcome tingling sensation begins to spread throughout her loins.
Her loins and thighs begin to tremble as if to indicate that he has hit a weak spot, and her pussy tightens.
Lucaon "Hahaha, is this really a bored and sleepy pussy? It's latched onto my dick."
Kohaku "T-That's... It's trying to reject your crude thing!"
Lucaon "Then why is your pussy so wet?"
Lucaon lifts Kohaku's body with his burly arms and begins to fuck her with shallow strokes.
Kohaku twists her body as he continues to rub her weak spots.
Kohaku "Ah... haw! Mfffff!"
The angle and height are a bit unnatural, but it is no trouble for Lucaon's muscles.
While changing the height of her body, he rubs her engorged and swollen labia, making wet sounds.
The sticky sounds cling to her ears and nape.
Kohaku's shame rockets sky-high.
Kohaku "Nghhh, hhh, ah... khhh... N-No, this is... Nghhhhh...!"
Lucaon "You know that ninja I fucked before taking down your village said no just like you are. How about you sluts come up with a new thing to say? I know you guys get turned on when you get raped."
Kohaku "C-Curse you... Ngh... kfff!?"
Lucaon chuckles as he focuses on stimulating her shallow areas.
The engorged head of his cock scrapes at her weak spots over and over again, and the sweet sensation shoots up to her brain.
Kohaku "Hhh... hahhh, nghhhh! Hnghhhhhh! Hahhhh... khhh! Khhhhh... hnn! Ngh, khh...!"
Kohaku's face is red as she frantically tries to stop herself from moaning.
However, her loins tremble to indicate her excitement and cling to his fat cock.
Kohaku "Hyahhhhh, hnghhhh... hhhh, ah, ah... khh, khhhhhh, n-not there... ahhhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku (W-Why does he know all my weak spots? I won't be able to hold out if he keeps hitting them!)
Lucaon laughs as Kohaku shakes her head in bewilderment.
Lucaon "Kuhahaha! What an easy pussy. It just gives away every weak spot."
Kohaku "Just like a dirty wolfman to only aim for the weak spots... Ahh! Ngh, kfff! Ngh!"
Lucaon "Hold in your voice all you want, but your pussy makes it obvious!"
Kohaku "What...? That's not...! Hyah! Ah!"
She lets out a sharp moan when he rubs the spot right after she denies it.
Kohaku "T-That wasn't... Mm, ahhhhhhhhh! Afff... ngh! Fuh! Ngh, mmmmmmm!"
Lucaon "See, your pussy is begging for it again. I can tell your pussy is calling my dick its master."
She begins to notice the change inside her pussy after he points it out.
Her pussy walls become softer with pleasure and cling to the dick fucking her.
It's quite obvious when he rubs her weak spot.
Her pussy tightens and squeezes his cock.
As if to thank it for giving her pleasure.
Kohaku "Ah... uh, no... I'm not getting off... Kahhhhh... hnn... ghhh, aughhhh!!"
Her pussy isn't the only one changing. Her whole body becomes hot, and her skin becomes more sensitive.
Lucaon's bristly fur rubs against her skin, and his warm breath from his large mouth causes her whole body to flinch.
Kohaku (Ungh, this is bad... At this rate, I will give in...! First, I need to stop this trembling!)
However, the more she thinks about it, the deeper her pleasure becomes, and her body convulses at each of Lucaon's movements.
Kohaku "Hhh... hhh, uh... ngh!"
Lucaon "You're shaking like a little girl. What's the matter? Almost at your limit?"
Kohaku "N-Not yet! This is nothing!"
Kohaku shakes her head and composes her expression.
However, there is an unmistakable smell of sweat coming from even her hair, letting her know just how much he's pushed her body to the edge.
Lucaon "Hehehe, are you sure about that?"
Lucaon laughs callously and picks up the stubborn foxfolk before slamming her back down.
Shllllp...!! Shlllllllllp...!!")
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhhh!? Hnghhhhhh!!"
Her entire weight comes down on her as she is impaled on his giant cock.
The impact feels like she's just had a stake nailed inside her.
Her joints creak as tremendous pleasure bubbles up, causing her mind to go blank.
Kohaku "Ghh... ahhhhh, it's so deeeeeeeeep! I-I'm being penetrated! Ahh, gah!"
Shllllp...!!")
The hard head of his cock busts through her cervical canal, and she feels the tip burying itself inside.
She feels an unbelievable amount of pleasure shoot up her spine as she kicks her feet in the air.
Her whole pussy convulses as it tightens around Lucaon's fat cock.
Lucaon "Hahahaha! How much does your pussy love my dick? Or is it begging for my cum?"
Kohaku "Nahhhhhh... hnn! W-Wait, brpp, hahhh! Ah, ahhhh! Stop this... Nghhhh, hahhhhh!"
With quick motions, Lucaon fucks Kohaku deeper, slamming into her uterus several times.
The impact turns the pleasure into a hot fire, burning away at Kohaku's rational mind.
Kohaku "P-Please... No more... Haw! Ungh, nghh, hhhh!"
Lucaon "Good! I'll give you one last final blow!"
He firmly grabs Kohaku's trembling waist and pulls his hips back.
Kohaku "W-Waaaaaaaaait! I-It won't go in any further... Ngh...!?"
Lucaon uses the tip of his dick to feel inside her before thrusting deep inside her again.
Kohaku "Hyew... agh...! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Something is about to explode in her head.
The head of Lucaon's cock is buried deep in her cervical canal as he intensely unleashes a huge load of cum.
Spllllrrrt!! Bshhhh, bshhhhhhh...!")
Kohaku "Haaaaaaaaaaaah! You're cumming! Hot cum is shooting inside me...! The semen of a wolfman is... inside my womb! Eeeeeeeeeep!"
Something hotter than his dick drills through her cervical canal.
The heat is the final blow that sends Kohaku over the edge.
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh, fuuuuuuuuuuh! Ngh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Blinding pleasure spreads throughout her body from her womb, and she gets goosebumps all over her sweaty skin.
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhhhh! To think a wolfman would make me cum! Ngh! Agh! Mmmmmm! What is this!? Gah!?"
As Kohaku shudders with shame, she feels a sudden shock around her pussy.
The knot at the base of Lucaon's dick swells up and plugs her pussy so no cum can leak out. Wolfmen's dicks work the same as dogs'.
Kohaku "What...? Ngah... Now my pussy is blocked... Hah... kuff...! Ahh, it's coming inside again!"
And just like dogs, wolfmen ejaculate for an extended period of time.
He blasts several loads inside her plugged pussy, and they hit her like bullets.
Each time she feels the heat inside her stomach, Kohaku's body flinches up as he holds her.
Kohaku "Mmm! Mmmm! Ngh! H-How are you still cumming!?"
Lucaon "You don't want more cum inside you? Then just yield. I'll think about it if you do!"
Kohaku "I will never...! Don't be so arrogant just because you made me cum once! I-I can endure this... Ngh, kfffff...!!"
His cum continues to fill up her pussy. Normally, it would have spilled out of her pussy by now, but there is nowhere for it to go.
Kohaku's abdomen begins to bulge slightly.
Kohaku "Ngah! How much are you going to cum? Ngh, ngh... gah! M-My stomach is bulging! Nghh! Fuuhhhhhhh!"
She endures the pressure she feels alongside her orgasm as she takes his cum.
Finally, his dick pulsates several times before it blasts out every last drop of cum inside her pussy.
Kohaku "Ah, ah... Is it over...?"
Kohaku breathes laboriously, her stomach distended.
Her shoulders heave as she looks back at Lucaon behind her.
Kohaku "See... You came inside me and fucked me to your heart's content, but my spirit didn't break."
She narrows her eyes to prove her spirit isn't broken, sweat dripping down her forehead.
Kohaku "I endured your fucking. Now, keep your promise----"
Lucaon "Who said we're finished, huh?"
Kohaku looks down at her abdomen.
Her pussy is full of his cum... and she does feel something thick still inside.
Kohaku "Hm...? W-What? How!? How is it not soft after you came so much!?"
She wonders if it is not over yet.
As the thought crosses her mind, Lucaon resumes his fucking.
Glchhh, glkkkk!!")
Shlllllp! Shllllllp! Glkkkkkkkk...!!")
Kohaku "Stop... Any more and... Gah, gah!"
He thrusts his dick in and out of her along with the knot plugging her pussy.
It feels like an adult is sticking his whole arm into her.
Lucaon "Any more and what? Do you want me to let you off easy? Then just yield!"
Kohaku "Hhh... ghhh, I won't surrender! I am the leader of the foxfolk...! I will endure to save m-my people... Aghhhhhhhh!! Hnn...!!"
If she breaks, she won't be able to save her people.
Kohaku grits her teeth as sweat pours down her face to endure the overwhelming pressure and force.
Kohaku (Ngh... It feels like my insides are going to burst... His dick and his cum are applying pressure!)
Her pussy is so full from his cum and dick that she feels nauseous.
It feels like her whole pussy and uterus have been sullied by the wolfman's seed, and it is affecting her mentally.
Each time he thrusts into her, it jostles her uterus, and she feels a pleasure greater than when he fucked her deep inside her pussy.
Kohaku "Hahhhhhh, hghhhh... ngh, nghhhhhhh! Nah, ughhhhh, hhhh... hnghhhhhhh!?"
Suddenly, she feels a strong sensation in her clit, and Kohaku's whole body tenses up.
It seems that Lucaon has made a small adjustment to his thrusting angle.
The knot plugging her pussy presses down on her clit with each pump.
Kohaku "Nghhhhh, hanghhhh! Ahhhh... hahhhh!? T-There----! Ohhhhhhhh, ohhhhhhh!"
A sense of pressure spreads throughout her pussy from the massive amount of cum and his giant cock.
The deep pleasure she feels as he fucks her deeply and jostles her uterus.
It is a delightful sensation as her labia and clit get crushed, and a pleasure she feels as his cock scratches every inch of her pussy.
These various and sometimes contrary sensations mix together inside her body to destroy Kohaku's psyche.
Kohaku "Eeep... hngh! It hurts... Ah! Ah! Ahhhhhh! Ahhhhh! Nooo! So strong! Right there! Eeeek! Oh, ohhhhhh!"
Giant beads of sweat roll down her pink flesh.
Her long hair sticks to her body, and it is a captivating sight.
Lucaon laughs as he grips her narrow waist.
Lucaon "Are you ready to admit defeat? That your weak little fox pussy can't beat my manly dick?"
Kohaku "Ngh... I will never... No matter what you do, I will never lose!"
Lucaon "I see. Then how about this!?"
Kohaku feels her whole body being lifted up in the air.
He thrusts hard enough to pull the knot out of her.
Kohaku "What!? Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh! Eeeeeeeek! No! Ah! Ohhhhhh!"
His powerful pumping begins to assault Kohaku.
Their hipbones knock into each other, and as her ass bounces, so does her belly full of cum.
Her limp limbs sway like a broken marionette, and she feels like she's become a tiny toy.
Kohaku "Eeeek! Hyah! Eeek! So hard! It's so hard! Ahh, ohh! It's so deep!"
He thrusts so hard that he pushes his knot inside her pussy as it forces her pelvis open, and his tip breaks through her cervical canal.
It adds to the sweet pleasure she feels in her clit, and Kohaku's senses are flooded with pleasure and sensations beyond her limit.
Kohaku "Ahhhh! Eeep! It's too thick! I can't take the knot! Eeeeek!"
She won't be able to close her pussy again.
He is going to fuck her in places that she shouldn't be.
In addition to the shock and pleasure, terror throws Kohaku into confusion.
Kohaku "Eeeek! No, I can't! I can't take any more! My pussy is going to break! L-Let's stop! Agh!"
Lucaon "Hahaha, I thought you were never going to lose for your people's sake. What kind of leader are you!?"
Lucaon doesn't stop his thrusting.
His giant balls swing with each thrust, punching Kohaku in the ass.
Despite cumming a massive load earlier, the balls hitting her ass cheeks are heavy and full.
Kohaku (Ngh... If he cums anymore, my pussy and uterus won't be able to hold it... I need to at least get this pulled out first...!)
Kohaku desperately twists her body to get away.
Lucaon "What are you trying to get away for!?"
Lucaon yells and bites the nape of her neck.
Kohaku "Eeeeeeeeek! Haaaaaaahn! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"
His fangs lightly dig into her flesh, and a sharp sensation shoots up into her brain.
When she registers the sweet pain, Kohaku's whole body tenses as she squirts from her pussy.
Kohaku "Ahyaaaaaaaaaaah! Ahhhhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku moans as transparent liquid gushes out of her.
Lucaon "Haha! You came from getting bitten?"
Kohaku "No! This is... Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku shakes her head as she tries to make sense of the orgasmic pleasure running through her body.
Her body continues to convulse as she cums.
Her swollen belly undulates as she gets dizzy.
Lucaon "You are meant to be eaten! There is nothing you can do to beat us!"
His thrusting intensifies.
His tip hits her deep as he jostles all her organs.
Kohaku "Wait! I'm cumming! Eeek! I'm cumming! Don't fuck me while I'm cumming!"
Lucaon puts his fangs to her nape again.
He bites her gently. Not enough to draw blood.
However, the sensation of being bitten enchants her, and her instincts tell her that she's been hunted and captured.
Kohaku "Hyaaah! Faaah! N-No! I am not yielding! Nghhhhhh!"
She has been hunted. The sense of defeat deepens Kohaku's pleasure.
Kohaku is about to climax again on the heel of her last one.
Kohaku "Hyaaah! I'm going to cum again! I'm already cumming, but I'm going to cum even more! Aghhh! Ahhhhhhh!"
It's like when someone hits a ball down right before it hits the ground.
Still in the throes of her previous orgasm, she is about to experience an even bigger one.
Her pussy trembles with the knob still inside as she squirts out her remaining love juices.
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh! I can't! You can't cum anymore! Eeek, can't you tell I'm cumming!? Nghhhhh! Nghhhhh!"
She subconsciously spreads her legs wide to escape the impact of their colliding hipbones.
Lucaon doesn't miss this little movement from her and pulls back his hips before slamming his dick deep inside her.
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Aiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeee, I'm cumming! Hyaaah! I'm cumming too much! Stop! Nghhhhhhhhh!"
Her once flailing legs now extend straight, and her toes tremble.
Still, Lucaon doesn't stop his thrusting.
Kohaku throws her head back and moans as he holds her body in place, twisting his hips to agitate her cervical canal.
Kohaku "Fuheh... hghhhhhhh! Stop hitting me so deep! Eeeeeeep, I'm cumming! Kah, ahh... These multiple orgasms... are making me go crazy!"
She sees white spots as she orgasms each time.
She finds her mind is being lost in these lights for longer and longer... Her rational mind, thoughts, and personality melt away.
Kohaku "Hah, eeeeeeeeeeh, I'm cumming again! My pussy is cumming! Eeek, eeeeeeek! I can't! I can't! Kyah! I'm cumming again!"
Her sweaty body bends back and convulses.
Her eyes go blank as she experiences multiple orgasms, drool dripping down her parted lips.
Her eyelids twitch as her eyes roll back.
Lucaon "I can make you keep cumming all night. How about we see which breaks first, your pussy or your mind?"
Kohaku "Eeeeeeeep!"
Kohaku's instincts know it isn't an idle threat.
Kohaku (I can't win! His dick is too powerful... He'll kill me at this rate!)
Her face goes red from the shame and frustration, and large tear drops stream down.
She parts her lips and begs, her voice trembling.
Kohaku "Ah, eeeeh, o-okay... I lose! Your dick wins!"
She endures the humiliation as she screams aloud.
Lucaon only fucks her harder as if her surrender is a signal.
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhhhh!? Kfffff!? Why!? I surrender! Why is your dick still inside me...? Please stop moving!"
Lucaon "You came buckets, but I haven't yet! Why don't you shut your mouth and take my dick!?"
He grips Kohaku's narrow waist firmly as she screams, plowing her pussy with his giant stake.
Kohaku "Agggh!? Orgh... Stop... I'm cumming again!"
Her pussy tightens again as she cums again, already losing count.
He ignores her as he sticks his hard tip into her cervical canal and begins to pump.
He performs a screwing motion as his head buries further into her cervical canal.
Kohaku "Ngh! Gah! Eeek! Fuh, eeeeeep! No! No! That's so deep... Hyew! I-I don't want to cum anymore!"
Kohaku is unable to stop herself from cumming again as the pleasure he is giving her proves to be too great.
She cries as her eyes roll to the back of her head.
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhhh! Heeeeeeeeeh! Aheh! Aheh! Y-Your dick is too amazing! Eeep, please! Forgive me! Mercy!"
Perhaps she came too many times, or he fucked her too deep, but Kohaku's head is light as if she's intoxicated.
She is even finding enjoyment from his fangs buried in her shoulder.
The numbing pain and his wet mouth have somehow become pleasurable to her.
Her fleeting consciousness is overwhelmed by pleasure, and her screaming becomes louder to indicate the level of her pleasure.
Kohaku "Haaah, I'm cumming! It feels so good! I can't stop cumming! My pussy can't handle these multiple orgasms!"
His veiny dick fucks her convulsing pussy.
It begins to tremble as it prepares to ejaculate a second time.
Kohaku "Eep, eeeeek, no! I can't! Don't cum! My pussy can't take any more cum! Please don't cum inside me!"
Kohaku moans as she squeezes her pussy as if to reject his rod.
However, it only adds to Lucaon's pleasure, and he thrusts his hips to fuck her deeper.
Lucaon "Hah! You say that, but you really want to cum as I cum inside you, don't you? Okay, I'll give you what you want!"
Kohaku "Eeeek, forgive me! I can't anymore! I'm cumming... You're making me cum! I'm cumming multiple times from your dick! I'm cumming from your cum!"
Spllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh... bshhhhh...!! Bshhhhhh, bshhhhhhhhhh!!")
He blasts another heavy load inside her. It is so heavy you wouldn't think it was his second one.
Kohaku "Ohhhhhhhhh! Ahhh, gaaaaaaah! I'm cumming! Eeeek, eeeek, eeeeeeeek!"
His cum slams into his cervical canal and crashes against her pussy's walls, filling her insides as it has nowhere to escape.
Her already bulging belly bulges even more as if she has instantly become pregnant.
Kohaku "Ngh! Foooooooooh! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kohaku's mind drifts as it appears Lucaon has impregnated her in an instant.
Lucaon "Now say it! Say that you lost to my dick!"
Barely conscious, Kohaku shouts.
Kohaku "Nghhhhhhh! I submit to your cock! I-It's too amazing! This diiiiiiiiiiiiick! Aghhhhhhhhh! T-There's more cum!"
Lucaon continues to fuck her while she is half-conscious as he reaches the finale.
She squeezes, strokes, and massages the dick cumming inside her to get every last drop.
She sweats as she feels tremendous pressure on her organs, and she whips her hair and screams.
Kohaku "M-My belly is already pregnant! Y-You're filling me up with more cum! Fghhhhh! Ah, ahhhhhhh! My pussy and uterus are being conquered!"
Kohaku "Hyaaaaaaah! I'm cumming from your jizz! M-My pussy and womb are being conquered by your cock! Ohhhhhhh! I'm cumming!"
Her broken screams can be heard outside the tent as the women being gang raped by the soldiers lose further hope...
He finally finishes ejaculating, and Kohaku holds her belly full of cum and dick as she pants faintly.
The tremendous pressure she feels on her stomach and the dozens of orgasms she experienced have drained Kohaku of all her stamina.
Kohaku "Fuh, hhhh... hyew... fhh... heh..."
Lucaon "Ah, that was good... Okay then."
Lucaon speaks casually as he pulls out his dick, knot and all.
Glb... glb, glb!")
Frothy cum gushes out of her pussy now that it's been uncorked.
Kohaku "Ahhhhhhhhh, your dick juice is escaping! Ohh, ohhhhhhh! Ughhhhh!"
His cum has become a thick frothy emulsion formed by the friction of their intense fucking.
Her sensitive pussy gets agitated by the cum, pushing Kohaku's body to orgasm once again.
Kohaku "Heff, heh... ah, eeeeeeeeh! I'm cumming from your dick's juice! Uh, fuh, heh!"
Kohaku's body doesn't even have the strength left to spasm as she sways limply, dripping with foamy cum.
Her eyes are wet with tears and are out of focus.
Lucaon "You lost the war and lost to my dick... Now can you accept defeat?"
Kohaku "Uh... hyah... ah, ngh... ngh...!"
Now that Kohaku has stopped screaming, she can begin to hear voices from outside the tent.
Foxfolk A "Please I'll do anything! Please let me go! I'll become your slave! I don't want to cum anymore! I can't! Please show mercy! Ahyaaaaaaaaaah!"
Foxfolk B "Please don't cum anymore! My pussy will break! Please show mercy! Pleeeeeeeeeeease!"
Some of the other prisoners remained firm despite being raped, some succumbed pathetically, and some cried and begged for mercy.
But hearing their leader scream as she is raped and demeaned has broken their spirits.
Lucaon "Haha, seems like the prisoners are finally figuring out their place. That they are sex slaves now."
Lucaon's voice and her fellow foxfolk's screams suddenly grow distant.
Kohaku (Ah, I am so sorry... I am so sorry to all of you...)
Kohaku blacks out while apologizing for failing to protect her people.
............
......
...
#20_app06
Lamodira was filled with desire when she took on the title of Empress of the Service Nation.
But now Derek has taken that throne and she has been imprisoned in the dungeon.
Of course, she isn't just imprisoned.
Ladomira "Khhh... When my strength returns, this prison..."
Ladomira grabs the bars of the prison and groans in pain.
Ladomira used to make any man submit to her with just a glance, but now that her overwhelming magic is sealed, she is nothing more than an ordinary woman.
Ladomira "If I was forced to continue like that like I am now..."
Ladomira remembers what she was forced to do the other day and grabs her goosebumpy arm.
The sound of two sets of feet is audible at that time.
Ladomira bites her lip and moves away from the bars of her cell.
Derek "You've been working hard. The monsters you've created have been getting well-reviewed. They apparently have no fear."
Ladomira "............"
Derek speaks as soon as he enters the room.
Ladomira doesn't respond. She just stares daggers at Derek.
Derek isn't alone. He has brought the lovebrand mage, Nicola, with him. It causes Ladomira to get a bad feeling.
Derek "What a cold mother. You should be happy to hear about your children. Well, whatever."
Derek grumbles and looks down at Ladomira.
Derek "Now, we need more soldiers to take the east. You will have a job yet again."
Ladomira "This isn't funny! I will no longer do anything of the sort!"
She can never forget the humiliation of being forced to give birth from having a monster's cum poured into her through a funnel.
No, just remembering the horrific odor and the intense pain of giving birth makes her feel the urge to vomit.
Ladomira stares at Derek and Nicola.
Derek "Relax. This time you will have a sexual partner. It's should be anything too violent... Maybe..."
Ladomira "Partner?"
Ladomira knits her brow dubiously. A soldier brings a goblin before her.
Ladomira "You can't be...!?"
Ladomira's face is red with anger.
Ladomira "What are you thinking? Are you going to make me fuck such a lowly monster!? We're horribly ill-matched!"
Derek "Is that right? I think the lowliest cum dumpster is quite a fitting place for a goblin's cock."
Ladomira "Khh..."
Ladomira's face distorts, and Derek looks down at her uncaringly.
Derek "This time I'll need a fair number. How does giving birth to one hundred sound?"
Ladomira "W-What? A hundred!?"
Ladomira doubts her ears. Nicola moves in front of her.
He swings his staff with a smile on his face.
Nicola "R-Relax. T-This time I'll use magic so that you're impregnated right away... Hhhh, I'll just touch your womb..."
Nicola starts an incantation, and an alluring light shines. It is as though lightning is striking Ladomira's belly.
Ladomira "Ah, ahhhhhhhhh...!!"
Her womb feels hot like a fire has been lit inside it. The heat causes her belly to twist.
A lustbrand is etched into Ladomira's abdomen in moments.
Derek "Well, make those babies."
A soldier lets a goblin into Ladomira's cell before closing the door again.
#RP_kai_rad_01
Goblin A "Kihihi...!"
The goblin jumps at Ladomira before she has a chance to prepare herself.
Ladomira "Let go! A lowly creature like you shan't touch my skin... Khhh, stop!!"
She desperately resists, but the goblin is powerful due to its great desires.
She is pushed to the cold floor and sat upon.
Ladomira (I could knock away a small fry like this if I had access to my full strength!)
She stares daggers at the goblin, but the goblin can only see Ladomira's sexy flesh.
Goblin A "Nihihi...!"
The goblin is breathing roughly. He brings his ugly face closer.
His cock is already rock-hard.
Derek watches from outside with a pleased smile on his face.
Derek "The goblin seems happy to impregnate you."
Ladomira "Who... would have this lowly creature's baby...!?"
The goblin opens Ladomira's legs, and all she can do is stare back at him.
Ladomira "Let go! I am not okay with such a lowly creature like you touching me!"
The empress's words are firm, but...
But the goblin doesn't listen to her orders now. He just thrusts his cock in on instinct.
Goblin A "Gyahah! Gyahah!"
Ladomira "Hhh...! Stop! Pull it out... Stop!! Ahhhh!!"
His hot cock plows her pussy like a burning rod.
The hardness of it pushes her harder against the cold floor.
Ladomira "Aghhh... uh! Kffff, pull it out... I told you to pull it out, though... Khhh, I will not allow this...!!"
Ladomira absentmindedly stares at the goblin as her face warps with pain.
Derek and Nicola watch them from outside the cell.
She doesn't want to be seen getting fucked by a goblin.
Derek "Hey, is that the way to speak to the one that's going to give you his seed?"
Ladomira "S-Shut up! W-Who... would have a child with a goblin... Ah, khhhh!"
Her completely dry pussy is fucked by the goblin's cock, squeezing tightly against it.
But the goblin snorts happily at the tightness. He humps, pushing himself deeper inside by force.
Ladomira "Ghhh... You lowly goblin, don't get cocky... about fucking my body...!"
The goblin shows no anger as he humps, straddling Ladomira.
Ladomira struggles and tries to push the goblin off of her.
Ladomira "I'm telling you not to get cocky... Nghhh! Nghh, kfff, nahhh!?"
Goblin A "Kihihi! Kihih, hiiii, hiiiiii!"
The goblin's breath picks up speed with the increasing speed of his hips.
At the same time, the hardness of the cock inside of her increases, and it starts to subtly shake.
Goblin A "Kyahahahahahahah! Gyahahah...!"
Ladomira "W-Wait a second! I won't allow you to cum inside of me, nghh, like this!"
Her spine trembles from discomfort at the feeling of his impending ejaculation.
Even if just a little, she twists her hips to try to prevent the cock from shooting its load into her womb. She keeps the majesty in her raised voice.
Ladomira "Y-You know what you're doing, right!? If you cum inside of me, you don't know what will happen, right!? I'm telling you I'm opposed to this!?"
But the goblin presses more and more of his weight upon her. His cock pulsates with heat as it sticks deep into her pussy.
Ladomira "I-I am an empress, you know!? I'm not the kind of girl to take your garbage seed! Stop! Pull that pathetic thing out of me right now... uhhhh!?"
The goblin completely ignores Ladomira's words. He slams his hips against hers and spews his load deep into her pussy.
Spllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!!")
Ladomira "Hhh...!! You're cumming... inside of me... Ah, ahhhhhh...!! Ah...!!"
She keenly perceives the hot cum shooting into her and the shuddering of his cock inside of her pussy.
The warm sensation spreads through her abdomen.
The goblin shoots his load while shaking his hips with comfort... His eyes are wet with excitement as though he cannot see Ladomira's enraged form.
The goblin's partner is just a hole and not Empress Ladomira.
Ladomira (How dare this goblin use my well-praised body like it's just some sex toy!)
Her face burns with anger and humiliation as she stares and screams at the goblin. The goblin just soaks in the lingering sensation of his ejaculation.
Ladomira "I-I... definitely will not----hahhhhh!?"
Ladomira's speech cuts off as the lustbrand on her abdomen suddenly begins to glow ominously.
At the same time, the warmth she feels in her abdomen concentrates into a scorching heat. Intense pleasure accompanies the pulsation.
Ladomira "Nahhh, ahhhhhh!?"
Ladomira's body thrusts forward at the unexpected sensation.
The heat builds in her womb. And something begins to swirl inside of her, swelling up quickly.
Ladomira "Nghhh!? What in the world is happening now...? What have you done to me, Derek!?"
The sensation of her skin spasming and the sensation of her organs being pushed up hits her.
Her eyes are wet from the forced pleasure, and her belly expands all of a sudden...
Her belly swells large like a fully pregnant woman.
From within, she feels something moving and cries out in shock and horror.
Ladomira "What...? Ahhhh...!!"
She is pregnant. Her brain denies that only possible answer.
Derek "Due to Nicola's lustbrand, you're definitely going to be impregnated. In addition, you will immediately go to term and give birth. Anyhow, you must prepare yourself to give birth to a hundred goblins now..."
The lustbrand glows atop her swollen belly.
Ladomira "I-I don't like this! I don't want to give birth to goblins no matter what...! Ahhh!?"
Ladomira notices the change occurring in her body and goes pale.
The fetus inside of her moves again.
She can tell it is kicking her belly.
It's like it wants out...
Ladomira "Hhhhh! I-I'm giving birth!?"
The pain from when she laid eggs is brought back to her, and her body gets stiff.
But... she bends back at her premonition and is attacked with an intense pleasure that causes a shiver up her spine rather than pain.
Ladomira "Nahhhhhhh! Hanghhhh, hahhhhh... W-Why...? This is... Ah, ahhhhh!!"
The intense pleasure spreads mercilessly to her core where the fetus moves about inside her womb.
Ladomira screams and squirms.
Derek "I need you to pop out babies like a dog, so a spell was placed on your body so that you feel pleasure from giving birth. You should thank me."
Her nipples and clit... ache as though her erogenous zones are being touched. She starts to feel stinging pain.
Her whole body burns pink. Even though when the goblin was fucking her she was dry the entire time, now a huge amount of juices gush from her pussy.
Ladomira "That's... Hahhh, ahhhhh...!"
She feels her birth canal expand in preparation to give birth. She feels that something huge is going to come out of her body.
She wonders if this will actually go okay.
Ladomira starts to shake her hips on her own as though she is being fucked.
Ladomira "Hanghhhhh, ahhhh, hnghhhhhh! What is this? I hate it...!! This is filthy... Kahhhhh...!!"
Derek "Hey, hold your breath. This might be a lot bigger than when you were laying eggs."
Ladomira "Nooooooo! Ahhhh, this is baaaaaaaad...!!"
She no longer has it in her to be angry at Derek.
The fetus twists about within her uterus. The pleasure she feels is so great that she wants to cry, and it makes her whole body numb.
She is immersed in a strange feeling of bliss. She knows her cervix is pushed to its limits.
Ladomira "Kahhhh...! Hahh, hahh, hahh, nghhh, hahh, hahhh, hahh, hahh, hahhhhh... hahhhhhhh!"
She doesn't know whether it is pain or pleasure. Intense pleasure rushes through her entire body from her abdomen. Ladomira cries as her belly shakes.
It feels like the fetus is crawling out from inside of her.
Ladomira wants to scream and cry she's in so much fear, but there is also pleasure.
Ladomira "Hnn... This is, nahhh... W-Who... wouldn't hate g-giving birth... like a dog!? Who would be okay to give birth to a goblin...!? Wah, ahhhhh, hhh, hhhh, hahhhhh!!"
Contrary to her words, her mouth gets loose and warm drool runs down from the corner of her mouth.
And her body starts to move on its own as though pleasure is pushing out from her womb.
Ladomira "Hanghhhh! Hnghhhhh! Hahhhhh! Ahhhh, something is coming... Ahhhhh!"
Her large swollen belly shakes, and her legs open wider with the sound of bones scraping accompanying her.
Her pussy is wet with juices. It trembles as it spreads further. She thrusts her hips forward.
Ladomira "Something big is coming!! I'm orgasming!! It's coming out of me, hyahhhhh!!"
A geyser gushes out from her crotch as she screams orgasmically. It's not clear whether it's amniotic fluid or pussy juices from her arousal.
The transparent fluid is accompanied by an ugly creature tearing through her hole.
Ladomira "Nghhhhhh!! Hhhh... hahhhh...!!"
?gThe pleasure is like having a large cock pulled from her, and she moans from deep in her belly."
Sublime pleasure rushes through her whole body... Her eyes are still wet from the lingering sensation of her orgasm. Reflected in them is a goblin child who is about the same size as an adult, covered in amniotic fluid.
The poor creature is soaking wet. His limbs move about awkwardly because he's just been released from her womb, but he's even uglier than an adult goblin.
Having finished giving birth, Ladomira is splayed out, exhausted, and breathing lightly but quickly.
Ladomira "I-I... can't believe I gave birth to a goblin..."
It isn't the first time she's given birth to a low-class monster.
But looking at the goblin she gave birth from actually having sex forces her to feel more feelings than before.
Derek "What's the matter? It's your own child, right? How about giving him a hug?"
Ladomira "This isn't a joke! I won't recognize this ugly creature as my child!"
Derek "How tragic. Even though you're his mother. But the child seems to have an affinity for you, right?"
Ladomira looks at the child goblin...
His cock stands weakly between his legs. He tries to cover it with an ashamed smile on his face.
His cock is still wet with amniotic fluid, but it is strangely erect.
Even though he was just born, the size of it is just the same as an adult's erect cock.
Ladomira "W-What are you doing...? Let go of me! I hate you! You're filthy!"
Her legs tremble from the earlier pleasure. She tries to close them, but she's already too late.
She reaches her hand out across the cold floor in a panic and tries to crawl, but she is pushed down.
Derek "Hahah, it seems like he already knows who gave birth to him. It seems he's inherited his mother's lust."
The goblin's erect cock is thrust into Ladomira's pussy as Derek smiles mockingly at her.
Goblic B "Kihihih... kihih! Kihih!"
Ladomira "Hhh... Nooooooooooooooo! I just gave birth! Stop... Stop...!!"
The goblin she just gave birth to slides his cock into her still-loose pussy.
Ladomira screams out in horror at being raped by the goblin she just gave birth to.
But those screams quickly turn to moans of pleasure.
Ladomira "Stop... Ghhh, nahhh... ahhhhhhhh! Nghhhh! Khhh, the power of the lustbrand... is stilll... nghhhh...!"
It seems her arousal has increased since giving birth.
The remaining sensitivity from having orgasmed lingers in her pussy. The baby goblin starts to pound her with her juices and amniotic fluid providing lubrication.
Goblic B "Kihih! Kihih, kyahah!"
Ladomira "Stop... Khhhh, i-it's too fast!! Hahhhh! Nghhh, hahhh... ah, ahhhhhh...!"
Due to the goblin's lack of knowledge or a rational mind, his movements are just based on instinct and pleasure.
The first goblin to rape moves Ladomira's head. Perhaps not having raped her enough, he shoves his dick into her mouth.
The intense scent makes her nauseous, and she grimaces.
Ladomira "Ugh... Don't bring that stinky thing close to me! Stop... Ghhh, get away... nghhhhh!!"
The goblin grabs Ladomira by her beautiful hair and pushes her head down, sticking his unsightly cock balls deep into her mouth.
He starts to hump her head, moving the entire length of his cock from her mouth and down the back of her throat.
Ladomira "Nghhhhh!? Nghhh, oh, ughhhh!! Nghhhh... nghhh, nghhhhhh, nghhhh!?"
Ladomira's body twists in pain at being fucked from above and below.
Derek "Haha, even though you'd normally be the one giving a child milk, how does it feel getting blessed with your child's cock?"
Ladomira "Nghhh, bghhhh, ugh! Pahhh, r-release me... Nghhh!? Ngh! Nghhhh!!"
Each time his rod is thrust into her, Ladomira's beautiful face distorts, and her long legs kick at the filthy floor of her cell.
Goblin A "Kihihih! Kihihih!"
Ladomira "Ghh...!! Nghhh, sckkkk, gahhh...!? Nghhhh, it hurts... Gahhh! Nghhhh!!"
Goblic B "Kyahahah! Hyahah!"
Each time Ladomira writhes in pain, the goblins laugh in an ear-splitting manner and hump even harder.
It's a struggle to breathe, but having her pussy and throat packed with dick feels good.
Ladomira (Khh, I can't believe such lowly garbage is playing with me... I am Empress Ladomira!? My hole is not for such worthless cocks...!)
Although it is because of the lustbrand, Ladomira's pride is hurt over the fact that she's being forced to feel pleasure from this.
She continues to struggle to breathe from both the pain and the pleasure. She stares at the goblins through her tears.
Ladomira "Hnn... muah, bah... R-Remember this! I will kill you... Nghhhh! Gbffff, bah, y-you worthless... Nahhhhhh!!"
The baby goblin fucking her pussy starts to move faster.
His disgusting face grimaces as he heads toward his very first orgasm and ejaculation.
Ladomira's complexion changes because she senses what is coming.
Ladomira "Ngh... bahhh, stop! Stop! Nghhh, ghhhh! Sckkkk, gbffff! Nahhhh, you are not one who is allowed to cum inside of my cunt! Nghhh!?"
But her words of protest don't reach the ears of her child. He just grabs his mother's hips and sticks his dick in deeper, plunging into her cervix for the first time.
Ladomira "Nghhhhhhhhh!! Nghhhhhhhhhh!?"
Her pussy is still loosened from giving birth, but he plows her in a manner as though to force her open further. Ladomira's body stretches out greatly.
It's like her organs themselves are being raped... She feels it going from her pussy up her spine. The odd sensation is like having a spike driven into her. All of her hair stands on end, and her whole body spasms.
Ladomira "Ghhhhhhh!? Hahhhhhh!? Hahhhhhh! Nghhhhh, hahhh, nghhhh...!!"
The intense stimulation and pleasure sit in her body. It is a sensation that she is unfamiliar with.
The unusual sensation is forcefully turned into pleasure due to the power of the lustbrand.
Ladomira (Nghhhhh, I feel like his cock is going all the way into my womb...! I hate this! I don't want to cum... No matter what, I don't want the goblin I just gave birth to make me cum...!!)
Ladomira's body jumps from the despair and pleasure inside of her.
The goblin fucking her mouth gets excited. He pushes his dick into her head, fucking her deep down her throat.
Ladomira "Hnn...!! Ugh, ghh... nghhhh, bahhh, hahhhh, nah, oh, ohhhhh, nghhhhhhh!!"
The strange sensation swells quickly inside of her, and pleasure is forced upon her. Ladomira's mind is stolen away from her.
Her pussy tightens from the orgasm. The goblin's cock pulsates intensely deep inside of her.
Splllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Bshhhhhh!!")
Splllllrrrrrt, bshhhhh, bshhhhhh...!!")
Ladomira "Nghhhhhh! Nghhhhh! Nghhh, ughhhhhh!! Bahhhhhh, bghhhhhhh!!"
Ladomira has successive orgasms from the heat of the cum spewed into her body.
The forceful orgasm pelts the inside of her pussy to shoot his cum right into her loosened cervix.
The baby goblin's cum is especially thick and hot because it is his very first load.
Ladomira "Nghhhhhh...!! Nghhh... ngh... nghhh...!!"
The satisfied goblin pulls his cock from her pussy, and the lustbrand begins to shine in response to the seed.
And her belly swells suddenly.
Ladomira "I've been impregnated again... How dare this lowly child impregnate me... M-My womb is... ahhhh!? Ahhhhhhhhhhh...!!"
Ladomira's body bounces wildly immediately after she screams.
Once again, the pleasure increases explosively.
Ladomira "Hahhh... ah, ah, ahhh... I-It feels good... No, now is different... Ghhh, hhh... ghhhh...!!"
Her skin is wet with sweat. Even though only the air is touching it, her whole body feels like she's being touched.
Her pussy has just been cum inside of. The orgasmic pleasure once again increases inside of it. Her sticky pussy juice drips from her as her pussy starts to spasm.
Her womb once again stings as the fetus inside grows rapidly. It's like she's being touched bout inside and out.
Ladomira "I can't believe it... Hyahhh... heh, ah... gah, hhh, hhhhhh! Hghhh... gah...!!"
She grinds her teeth to stop herself from moaning. She pants, drool dripping from her mouth.
Derek "I have never seen such a lustful birth."
Derek laughs at her pathetic appearance. She should feel unbearable shame, but her body can't resist the pleasure because of the lustbrand carved into her.
Ladomira's legs open wide, showing her pregnant belly, and she twists her hips, unaware of who she even is.
Ladomira "Khhhh... I-I don't want to give birth... Nahhhh! Ah, noooo, don't get any bigger... No, no!!"
Even when she looks at the goblin she gave birth to, she doesn't feel love. Rather she is filled with hatred and loathing. She feels a chill when she thinks that she's going to give birth to another one.
But her pregnant belly feels hot, and the pleasure deepens as the fetus's movements get stronger.
She feels a primordial pleasure and delight spread over her like a large wave like when she takes a dick into her pussy.
Ladomira (Hnn... Before giving birth, this pleasure... If I give birth like this, the amount of pleasure I could feel... will surely be more than... the first...)
The orgasmic feeling from the first time is revived in her entire body.
The unbelievable feeling spreads to her cervix and pussy. Her orgasm is enough to make her forget who she is.
Her hips twist as her drool-drenched lips squirm.
Ladomira (That same pleasure... again...)
Derek laughs as though he sees through her.
Derek "Are you going to give birth soon? Cum in a showy manner while giving birth again."
Ladomira "T-This isn't funny. I don't want to do this any longer... Nahhhhhhhhhh...! Nahhhh, I'm giving birth! I'm giving birth again!!"
Ladomira is hit with the great movements of the fetus as soon as she denies it.
A tremendous amount of pleasure shoots down from her womb into her pussy and at the same time from her womb to her brain.
Ladomira "Noooooooooo, the baby is making me cum!! I'm being made to orgasm from giving birth...!! Hahhhhh, nghhhhh, hahhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
Ladomira's hips thrust forward as she screams like an idiot.
Her wet pussy is opened wide. The disgusting baby crawls out from it.
Ladomira "It feels good giving birth to a baby from her cunt!! Hahhhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming while giving birth!"
From between her wide-open legs, the second baby goblin falls from her. Ladomira's hips clatter from the orgasmic feeling.
Ladomira (I-It feels so good...!! Nahhhhhh... I want more pleasure... I want to give birth more...!!)
She thinks that for just a moment.
She just thinks that due to the strange pleasure being pushed into her from the lustbrand...
But Ladomira's heart stiffens from fear.
Ladomira (If I keep giving birth like this, my... cunt and head will break from it...!)
Goblin C "Kihih, kihihih..."
The goblin she just gave birth to is still coated in amniotic fluid. He cries out in a strange manner...
The horrific sight looks very distant from her as though she's disassociated.
Ladomira "Nah... ah, hyah... hahhh..."
The pleasure in her whole body increases several folds over normal.
Her pussy aches after giving birth. It feels as good as after she's been penetrated by the largest of dicks.
She fears feeling the way she does.
Ladomira "Hyah... hhhh... I can't take any more than this! Stop it already! Take these filthy creatures from me!!"
Ladomira screams hysterically.
If she is made to cum again, she will easily lose to that pleasure.
But Derek turns around, completely ignoring her.
Derek "I have something to do. Do your best."
And all that remains is the cold sound of his footsteps as he leaves the dungeon...
Ladomira "Wait! That's an order! Derek!! Wait!"
She calls out after him while still laying on the ground, but his presence just grows more distant...
Goblin C "Kyahah!"
The newly born goblin stands up, and reacting to Ladomira's scent, he approaches her.
His adult-size erection stands just like the other two.
Ladomira "St-Stop... Anghhhhh!"
Just having a hand placed on her should causes a sweat pleasure rushes through her whole body, and she trembles slightly.
Ladomira "W-Wait... Not now... At least not now... Kahhhhhh!!"
The instant the goblin's hard cock sinks into her pussy, she is hit with a light orgasm.
It is the first time the goblin has penetrated a pussy. Moreover, her pussy squeezes intensely. The baby goblin humps in excitement.
The other two goblins also throng around Ladomira's body.
Ladomira "Hyanghhhh! Hanghhhhh!! Ahhhhhh..."
Ladomira's hazy head is rushed with thoughts as she moans.
She knows things will get worse if this keeps up. She has to endure somehow so that she doesn't lose herself...
And several hours pass.
Ladomira "Hahhhhhh, hahhhhh, ahhhhh, I'm giving birth! I'm already cumming too much, though...!!"
Dozens of goblins surround her and rub their cocks against her as Ladomira opens her legs wide.
Ladomira "Hahhhhh! A baby is moving inside of me! I've already had so many, khhhh...!"
She has been impregnated more than ten times. Ladomira's senses are broken from the intense orgasms she's had from all the births.
Her pregnant belly shakes greatly. With each shake, her hair tosses about as she writhes.
Ladomira "I'm giving birth... I'm giving birth through my orgasming cunt... Ahhhh, I'm still orgasming from giving birth!!"
Ladomira thrusts her hips forward at the same time as her pussy opens wide.
The lustbrand glows on her abdomen.
Ladomira "Ahhhhhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming while giving birth!! Ahhhhh, hahhhhhhhhhh!!"
She screams as her body arches back from orgasm.
Another goblin bursts from her pussy, its small hands pushing her pussy apart.
He's not just covered in amniotic fluid but also pussy juices and jizz. As soon as he is born, his cock is erect.
Goblin D "Kihih... hihihih...!"
The newborn goblin is being controlled by his own lust. He presses down on Ladomira's body, thrusting his cock into her.
Ladomira "Hahhhhhhh, ahhh, no... Nooooo! Nahhh, let go! Stop it already... Hyah, I'm cumming!"
The goblins once again start to rub their cocks all over Ladomira's body as her aching body is pushed back down.
Her mouth, hair, tits, hands, armpits... every part of her is used for the goblins' sexual release. She is coated in the foul scent of the goblins.
Even though she's fallen and been imprisoned in a dungeon, intense arousal is released from her at the sight of her long hair clinging to her cum-drenched skin.
Goblin E "Gihih! Hihih! Kyahah!"
Ladomira "I-It's filthy. Stop... Nahhhh, bahhhh! Nghhh, sckkkk, sckkkkk, sckkkkk... bahhhh, I don't want to cum any longer... Nghhhhhhhh! Nahhhhhhhh!"
With the exception of the first goblin, all of the goblins Ladomira gave birth to.
Even though Ladomira has no ordinary sense of morality, she is disgusted about being fucked by children she has just given birth to.
The goblin has no intelligence at all. He just acts on instinct, seeking a female and clinging to it.
Ladomira (This is awful... Ahhh, but my body is getting aroused by these goblins' crude cocks... No, ah, ah, I feel like... I'm going to cum again...!!)
Ladomira would have devoured men without orgasming before. She would even find enjoyment in mocking the successive orgasms of her partners.
But now the tables have been completely turned.
The newborn goblin has humped just a few times, but Ladomira's arousal is already shooting far past its limit.
Ladomira "Hnn... ngh, nghhh, bahhhh, no, I can't take any more than this. I don't want to cum any longer...! Ah, aghhhhhh...!!"
A warm eruption of fluids shoots from her pussy as she orgasms. Her pussy tightens around the goblin's cock.
Goblin F "Gyahah! Hihih!"
Her hips tremble. The baby goblins laugh at Ladomira's squirting.
They start to play with Ladomira's body with greater interest.
The goblin twists his hips to look for her weak points.
Ladomira "Hyanghhhh! W-Wait! I-I'm cumming now... Ahhhhh, not there!! Nahhhhh! I'm cumming!!"
Sweet pleasure is generated in the shallows parts of her pussy, and she thrusts her hips forward as she orgasms.
He pushes into her tight pussy as the newborn goblin grabs Ladomira's erect clit and begins to stroke it violently.
Ladomira "Hahhhhh!? Wait... nghhhhhh!! Not that, ahhhhh, hahhhhh... nghhhhhh!?"
The hot head of a cock is being rubbed against her tongue as she sticks it out from the orgasmic pleasure.
Her tongue is wet with precum and semen, and the head of the cock sticks to it. She feels arousal like she's giving a french kiss.
Ladomira "Nghhh!? Mmmmm!? Nahhhhh, hahhhh, hahh... hahhh, nghhhhhhh...!!"
Her red and swollen nipples are also pulled, and she reaches another orgasm from her breasts...
Ladomira trembles and moans as she orgasms from the stimulation. The baby goblins treat her like a toy and force her to make noises.
But due to their disgusting appearance and foul stench, she can't feel any innocence in the way they play with her like a toy...
Goblin G "Kyahah... hihih, hahhhhh!"
The goblin playing with her breasts screams out in joy.
Milk is shooting from her large breasts.
Ladomira "Bah, mghhhhh, hnnn!?"
With a dick forced into her mouth, she stares dumbfounded at the milk gushing out of her own tits.
In the next instant, she feels pleasure from having warm milk shoot from her breasts, and it rushes through her entire body.
Ladomira (Nghhhhh... The milk feels good... Ahhh, what is happening to my body...!?)
The lustbrand, pregnancy, and births have forced her body to change and change.
Pleasure and something else shoot through Ladomira's body.
The lustbrand on her abdomen doesn't stop glowing due to repeated orgasms. It now has a faint eerie glow to it, though.
Ladomira (Ahhhhh, their shitty cocks are moving again... Ahhhh, I'm cumming again from my cunt!! If this keeps up, I'll break. I'm starting to feel strange...!!)
Empress Ladomira's mind is already close to its limit.
Goblin H "Gyahah..."
A baby goblin outside of the circle twists his body, reaching for Ladomira's leg.
Ladomira "Hnn...!?"
When Ladomira senses that her ass might be used, the baby goblin pushes his erect cock into her pussy.
Ladomira "Nahhhh... That's impossible! There's no way you can put two cocks in there! Nahhh, do you intend to break my cunt!?"
Although he has just been born, his cock is the same size as a full-grown adult.
Ladomira's tight pussy is full from just having a single cock.
But the head of a second tries to force its way in using her juices and cum as lubrication.
Ladomira "Gahhh, hahhhhh... stop, your cock isn't going to fit! Nahhh, aughhhh... hahhhhh!!?"
When she feels her pussy being forced wider... she remembers the countless times she's given birth, and her pussy loosens taking the cock.
Ladomira "Ah, hyah, no... this can't be... This is...!"
The reddish-black cocks are both inside her pussy. All she can do is stare, dumbfounded.
Her spread pussy no longer even looks like it is her own body.
Both of the goblin's cocks begin to move however they please.
Ladomira "Nghhhhh!? Nahhhh, ahhhhhhhh!!"
It's different from when one giant cock was moving.
One moves around the shallow parts of her pussy and one moves around the deep parts. Both her G-spot and cervix are assaulted at the same time.
They spread her further open from both the left and the right.
Ladomira "Ahhhhhh! Ahhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh! Wait! Stop! Kahhhh, ahhhhhhhhh!?"
While doing that, just one of them starts to pick up speed and thrust deeper. The other one moves slowly thoroughly checking the sides of her pussy.
Ladomira's body twists on the floor at this novel pleasure.
Ladomira "Nghhhh, ahhhhhh! Nahhhhhh, ahhhhh, i-it feels gooooood...!"
Finally, she verbally acknowledges the pleasure. The pleasure she had tried to endure hits her so suddenly.
Ladomira once again orgasms, coating the goblins' cocks in her juices.
Ladomira "Khhhhh!? Nahhhh, hahhhhh! It feels so good! These goblin cocks are giving me an orgasm like when I give birth!!"
While orgasming, her pussy tightens around their cocks, pulling them further in. She looks at her newborns with lust in her eyes.
Ladomira "Ahhhhhhh... It's best to give birth and have my cunt pulled wide open by you baby goblins...! It's okay that you're children, so make me give birth again...!"
Ladomira "I want to give birth... I want you to make me pregnant! Nahhhh, please shoot your load into my instant pregnancy cunt! Make my belly expand! Shoot your seed into me!!"
And she skillfully begins to twist her hips to urge them to do so.
Although she feels lightheaded from the repeated orgasms, Ladomira has good technique.
The goblins fucking her pussy start humping faster at Ladomira's lead.
Goblin H "Kyahah! Kyah! Kyahah!"
The two cocks both hit her like a singular entity, fucking her pussy thoroughly.
Ladomira "Nahhhhh! Hahhhhhhhh! You're so good! You're amazing, ahhhh! I'm still cumming, ahhhh, ahhh, ohhhhh!"
Her labia push completely back and her erect clit is pushed around... Ladomira reaches orgasm after orgasm.
Another set of goblins are excited by Ladomira's state and rub their cocks against her hard.
Goblins "Gyahah! Hyahah! Hihih!"
Even if the goblins are just moving to bring themselves to orgasm, in Ladomira's excited state, she feels the greatest love.
Ladomira "Nghhhhh, it feels good! Everyone, my children, give me your cocks Mmmm, mmmm, muah, muah, sckkk!!"
She puts a cock close to her face into her mouth. She even begins to jerk cocks off with her hands and feet.
Ladomira "Mmmm, mnghhhh... muah! Pah, everybody, my body feels so good, so... please cum in me!!"
Ladomira "Use me as a bed for your seed! Shoot all of your seed into my slutty pussy, so I can be made to feel another orgasmic childbirth! Ahhhh, hyah, hyah... ahhh, kyahhhh!"
Ladomira's body stretches out from the orgasmic feeling inside as her hips hump intensely, and her pussy squeezes around the goblins' cocks.
Ladomira "I'm cumming... Nghhhh! Hahhh, Hhhh, I'm cumming! Nooooooo! Shoot your semen in my cunt! It's only for making babies now!"
At the same time as Ladomira thrusts her hips forward, the cocks bend inside of her pussy, firing a large load of jizz.
In timing with the loads inside of her, the goblins around her also cum, and Ladomira's body twists from her orgasm as she is showered in their white fluids.
She once again takes their loads, her lustbrand shines, and her cum-drenched belly starts to swell again.
Ladomira "G-Growing to term feels good, aghhh! It's growing inside of me so quickly! Ahhhhh, ahhhhhh, ahhhh! Ohhhh!"
The size of her belly is nearly twice what it has been.
It's not just the pressure pushing against her organs, but the pleasure she feels from her womb is also more than double what it was before.
Ladomira "Nghhhhh, it's big... It has to be twins!! Ahhhhhh, there are two cocks inside of my womb now...!!"
She is assailed with an intense orgasm due to the blistering pace.
The ease with which her body comes to orgasm is already far past that of a human. It's also far past that of a tiefling.
Ladomira moans vulgarly and shakes her hair. Her wide-open legs tremble greatly.
Her pussy is open and ready to give birth. As it twitches, semen bubbles out of it.
Ladomira "Ahhh, it's coming out... Hahhhh, hahhhh! Nghhhh... ah, ahhhhhhhh...!!"
Her birth canal is open as she concentrates on giving birth, but the sensation is much different when giving birth to twins.
Ladomira's face turns bright red and she orgasms again and again. Her arousal increases at that moment, and a torrent of juices shoots from her.
Ladomira "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!! Aughhhh, I can't stop cumming... Hyannngh, ughhhh, khnghhhh! My child is going to make me cum before he's even born, ahhhh!!"
The other goblins start moving their dicks faster as though cheering on Ladomira's birth or attracted by the allure of her writhing.
Ladomira bucks her hips again and again as cocks dripping with cum are pressed against her.
Ladomira "Nghhhh, hahhhh... ahhhhhh, it's moving! Hghhhh, hahhh, hahh, hyah... I'm giving birth...!!!"
Ladomira's lower half bounces.
From her reddened pussy, an ugly goblin baby pushes its way out of her pussy, both hands on her labia.
Ladomira "Ahhhhhhhh!! Nahhhh, khhhhhhh! Nghhhhh, nahhhhh, ughhhh... khhhhhh!"
Each time a baby crawls from her, because of how tight her orgasming pussy is, the procession is slow.
The second goblin is coming after the first, he tries to push his way out of her pussy right beside his brother.
Ladomira "Nghhhhhh!? T-Two at the same time!? My cunt is going to break... Gyahhh, hghhhh...!! Nghhh... hhhh!"
A small baby's hand pushes her pussy open from the inside. The tearing of her flesh is audible.
The pain of having her crotch ripped apart is recognized as pleasure due to the lustbrand on her body.
Ladomira "Nahhhhhh, ahhhh! I'm giving birth to twins... Hnnn, gah, hahhhh!!"
Ladomira's body trembles greatly.
The tremendous amount of pleasure shoots straight to her brain, and her vision goes white.
From her torn hole, two goblins, coated in amniotic fluid, fight to get out first.
Ladomira "Nghhhh, ohhhhh!! I'm giving birth! Aghhhh, aghhhh, my babies are making me cum!!"
The baby goblins are both crawling forth from her pussy.
The burning pleasure and pressure make her eyes open wide and her nostrils flare to their limits.
Ladomira "Ahhhhh, hahhhhh! Hnghhhh, I'm cumming... I'm cumming! Hahhh, I'm orgasming twice as hard because it's twins, nahhhhh...!!"
Ladomira's limbs stretch out at the pleasure rushing up her spine from her crotch and crushing her brain.
The twins plop out of her stretched pussy along with a high-pitched scream.
Ladomira doesn't look at her squirming babies. She shakes her head drunk on the pleasure filling her whole body.
Ladomira "Ahhhh, I'm giving birth... Shoot your seed into me quickly... Impregnate me... Hahhh..."
Her ass twists obscenely as though to show off her pussy as she loses her grip on her mind.
Numerous goblins cling to her unconscious body, continuing to fuck her...
Several days have passed now.
Derek returns to the dungeon as though now is the right time. Just coming down the stairs, one is hit with the unusual sexual scent and the peculiar scent of babies.
Derek "Oh, you seem to have done well..."
Goblins fill the narrow cell...
Although the goblins are short, they're clearly on top of one another.
Ladomira is in the center of this large mass of goblins.
She's hardly even a sentient creature any longer.
Ladomira "Hahh... ah... ah..."
Ladomira's vacant eyes are cast at the ceiling. She continues to get fucked like a meat puppet by the goblins.
She no longer has the strength or intelligence to speak.
Of course, she doesn't notice that Derek has visited.
The sound of meat slamming against one another echo through the dungeon...
Goblin H "Kihii, kihiii!"
The goblin finally cums into her pussy.
Ladomira "Hnn... hahh, ah..."
The lustbrand shines on her exhausted body.
Ladomira weakly shakes her head as her belly swells again.
Ladomira "Ah... hhh... hnnn..."
At last, a baby crawls from her open legs, and her body spasms.
She is already squirting and lacks the energy to scream, but it's clear her pleasure has heightened.
Derek "Is that exactly one hundred? You seem to have quite the energy. Our monster army has been restocked too."
He stares at the baby goblin fucking his mother with a twisted smile on his face.
Derek "She seeks an orc next..."
His cruel words melt away in the foul-scented dungeon...
............
......
...
#20_app07
After Seraphina's declaration of surrender ends the war...
Derek marches several carts back to the Service Nation.
The carts contain mountains of spoils of war.
Amongst those spoils are the beautiful holy woman, Seraphina, and her general next to her, Iris.
Iris "............"
Seraphina ".................."
The crude pen they're in clatters about as the cart is pulled by its horse. The two of them are being treated as slaves.
Each time the cart sways due to the bad road, Seraphina's wispy body slams into the bars of her cage.
Seraphina "............"
Iris "Hey! You shouldn't treat us like this! At least be a little more careful...!"
Iris raises her brows and screams at Derek as he rides the horse carrying their cart.
Seraphina "It's fine, Iris."
Seraphina places her hand on Iris's shoulder and looks at the horse with pitiful eyes.
Inside their cage, the haggard girls hug tightly, and they huddle in fear.
Seraphina "The girls are enduring like us. No, our cage is emptier, so it might be better to say that we're more blessed."
Seraphina "Yeah, that girl over there is injured. A least, if I could treat her wounds..."
Derek "Certainly, the goddess is kind."
Derek walks his horse alongside their cage all of a sudden and smiles cynically.
Derek "Do you think it's better to worry about others rather than yourselves?"
Iris "Silence! What do you know of Sera's kindness!?"
Derek pulls ahead with his horse at Iris's screams.
Iris "Khh...!"
Seraphina "........................"
Seraphina is at a loss for words because of her own helplessness, and Iris bites her lips in dread next to Iris.
They follow the path they took to the Holy Kingdom in reverse.
After passing through mountains for several days, they arrive in a city where the marks of the Service Nation's devastation are clearly visible.
The buildings have been burned to the ground, and there is no hint of its former prosperity as a town of the Holy Kingdom.
There are burned-out ruins and people that are ragged and worn out, but even when they saw the flag of the occupying country, they just look down weakly without any strength.
They no longer have the will nor the strength to fight.
The soldiers of the Service Nation start to brag about their accomplishments to make the remaining townsfolk hear.
Soldier A "No, this street burnt real well! Even though it was night, the sky was bright red like it was the middle of the day!"
Soldier B "It was fun chasing men into the crossroads and cutting them down! They were all cowards. Even the ones who were crying and falling to their knees!"
The townspeople look even glummer at the soldier's bragging about something so wretched.
Iris "Hey... stop..."
Iris groans in protest, but the soldiers don't stop talking.
Soldier C "There were a couple of really beautiful sisters in the house on the corner! They were both virgins! Taking their virginity in front of their father was amazing!"
Soldier D "If you're going to call somebody a beauty, it's gotta be the general over there. She had a child, but she was incredibly tight... Well, I did fuck her so much that she became loose, though!"
Iris "I'm telling you to stop!!"
Finally, Iris punches the floor of the cage.
Derek "It's your fault, isn't it? If you hadn't done anything unnecessary, this town wouldn't have been attacked by us. This wretched sight is all because you invited us here."
Derek "I'm sure they resent you. It's hard for citizens to have incompetent rulers."
He gazes at the burnt remnants of buildings and mocks them.
Iris "It's not that! We fought for justice! Even though they're in pain, our citizens know that..."
Derek "Oh, it seems like you don't understand what you've done. In that case, how about you check it with your own eyes."
Derek "Stop the cart and let them out!"
The cart comes to a stop with the neighing of the horses, but the citizens remain with their heads hung, not lifting their faces...
The two girls are released from their cages and walk through the city with Derek at their lead and guards on both sides of them.
The town is in even greater ruins than can be seen from the carts.
The thin men sit in the ruins, stinking of blood and ash. Their eyes are vacant...
They look like they're in the prime of their lives. If not for the war, they would be surrounded by their wives and children, living happily.
Iris (Derek might be slightly correct about what he said...)
Their defeat destroyed the lives of people.
Seraphina walks beside Iris. Seraphina's heart hurts with similar regret.
But she is different from Iris. She doesn't just regret it. She takes a knee next to a man.
Seraphina "Are you okay? Are you injured?"
He is vacant as though he's lost his soul, but the sight of Seraphina makes him open his eyes wide.
Citizen A "You...!"
He stands up and glares at Seraphina.
Citizen A "Because you started a war, I lost my wife and daughter, and my town was burned to ash! Why did you do it!?"
Iris promptly steps forward to protect Seraphina.
But she indicates with her hand to Iris to stand down.
Seraphina "I must listen to what he has to say..."
Iris "B-But..."
Citizen B "Lady Seraphina! You're the real Lady Seraphina!"
Citizen C "She's a war criminal! Why? Did you come here to apologize with your sexy body!?"
Vulgar men surround the girls.
They stare at the two of them with glittering eyes.
Citizen A "That's right... I won't be satisfied unless you at least apologize with your body...!"
Citizen D "Give us your hot body. Look at those huge tits... and those squishy sides..."
Seraphina raises her eyebrow at the increasing dark energy.
Iris "Wait... I've seen your terrible condition. But listen to our stories first...!"
Derek "Do you think that kind of excuse will work? These guys are starving for women. After all, we've abducted women all over town."
The men watch Derek carefully while approaching the two girls.
Citizen B "Lady Seraphina reaches out her hand...! Such an obscene pose...!"
Citizen D "It's been a long time since I've been around a woman... Show me more of your boobs...!"
The men tighten their circle around Iris regardless of her cries to stop.
Iris "Idiot...! Have you forgotten your pride and gratitude as citizens of the Holy Kingdom!?"
Derek "It's useless to speak of pretty ideals. Nobody can resist their lust. Now that this town is under the control of the Service Nation, there is a new law that allows the rape of any woman by any man."
Derek "Moreover, you are the ones that brought about this tragedy. Nobody is going to listen to what you have to say."
Seraphina "............"
Seraphina looks down sadly.
Iris (Shit... If there are this many people...! I don't have a sword, though...!)
Iris clenches her fists while protecting Seraphina.
Derek faces the men and yells out charismatically.
Derek "All of your desires are permitted in the Service Nation!"
Derek "You have become citizens of the Service Nation. Rape these women until you're satisfied!"
Iris "St-Stop! Don't entrust your body to lust! You're from the Holy Kingdom...!!"
Iris stretches out her hands to stop the men.
But the numbers are bad. The two of them are swamped by the men in an instant...
#RP_kai_ser_01
Iris "Y-You!! Do you know what you're doing!? Stop! Who do you think we are!?"
Citizen B "She's Lady Seraphina! The legendary high elf that didn't protect our country...! Ahhh, even though I believed them...!!"
Citizen C "We're going to plunge our cocks into you war criminals that fucked up our country!"
Iris "Khh...!!"
Their filthy hands finger both of her bodies and tear off their clothes.
Seraphina "I can't take this lust...! Ahhhhh, we just failed to stop the Service Nation...!"
Seraphina screams sadly before the warped visage of her former citizens.
But the men don't care about her sadness and grab her slender legs, forcing them open.
Seraphina "No... P-Please calm down...!"
Iris "Sera! Stop! Don't touch Sera... Aughhh!"
Shllllp... glkkkk, shllllp...!")
A raging cock thrusts into Iris's pussy.
A sharp pain rushes through her at the foreign object entering her.
Iris "Nahhhhhhhh! Nah... It's going in...! Aghhhhh, p-pull out!"
Citizen A "You can't complain when you get raped looking the way you do!!"
Citizen B "Ahhh, I can't believe the day has come when I get to embrace Lady Seraphina...!"
Seraphina "Ahhhh, noooo! Stop! Stop... Khhh! No, stop... Augh!!"
Seraphina once again screams in pain right next to Iris.
At a look, her slender legs are pulled apart brutally, and a dark red cock tries to penetrate her light pink pussy.
Seraphina "It hurts... Ahhhh, it hurts... T-That thick of a penis won't fit... Hnnnn!"
Iris "Sera! Nghhh, aughhh!"
Their cocks are so erect that it hurts because they're excited to gang-bang such beautiful girls they wouldn't even normally be able to see.
A hot and thick dick forces open her inexperienced pussy and rubs hard on her still-dry walls.
Citizen A "What!? No hymen!? I thought the former general would be a virgin, but has she already been fucked!?"
Citizen B "I can't believe Lady Seraphina isn't a virgin! This is blasphemous! Incredibly so!!"
Iris "W-Whose fault do you think that is...!?"
Iris screams in anger as she remembers the humiliation of having her virginity forcibly taken from her.
Citizen D "W-While the town was burning, were you having fun with men...!? If you like cock that much, have some more...!"
Their pinned bodies writhe in pain, and cocks are pressed against their hands and hair.
Their cocks are as erect as they can get because of just how hungry they were. Precum drips from the tip of their red dicks.
Iris "Ugh... St-Stop! D-Don't press your filthy cocks against me!! Aughhhh!?"
Seraphina "Nahhhh! Stop! Don't pull my hair... Ah, aughhhhh, khhhhhhh...!"
The two girls' voices are cut off by the deep penetration into their pussies.
The size, hardness, and burning heat of the cocks are felt through the entirety of both of their pussies.
The foreign sensation, displeasure, and heat spread through their bodies.
The men move their hips in a greedy fashion right away.
Seraphina "Aughhhhhh... I-It hurts... Hahhh, ahhhhhh!"
Iris "Ughhhhhh!? Hnn... Pull it out, ghhhh... khhhhhh!"
Each time hard and erect dicks go in and out of them, they rub against their dry pussies, bringing harsh pain.
The shape and hardness of these strangers' cocks are imprinted on their pussies.
Citizen B "Uhhh, Lady Seraphina's high elf cunt is soft... It's far smoother than a human's cunt... Moreover, even though she's not a virgin, she's quite tight...!"
Citizen A "This deflowered cunt is also nice and tight! A trained woman is certainly tighter than usual!"
Their faces get hotter from shame at having their pussies described so loudly.
But Iris endures the shame and looks at the men boldly.
Iris "Bastards, cut it out...! You've thrown away your pride as people of the Holy Kingdom. Are you intending on giving into the Service Nation...!?"
Citizen C "The Holy Kingdom is no more!!"
A thick dick is pushed into Iris's screaming mouth.
Iris "Ngh... gbffff!? Mghhhhhh, uhhhhhh!"
Seraphina "Iris...!"
Iris opens her eyes wide in pain and shock at having her soft mouth forced open.
Rough pubic hair rubs her nose, and the rotten sexual odor immediately fills both her nostrils and her mouth.
Citizen C "Who do you think you are acting all high and mighty! You guys start wars that you can't even win, and that's why this town got fucked up...!"
The man thrusts his hips hard as though pounding her with his anger.
Iris "Bah!? Ngmffff, hghhh!? Nghhhhhhh!! Gbfffff, sckkkkk, nghhh, sckkkkkk!"
Iris groans pathetically as her mouth and pussy are raped with hard cocks at the same time.
The man raping Seraphina thrusts his hips excitedly.
Citizen B "Lady Seraphina, I believed in you, though! Truly, I can't believe that you lost the war and took dick...!! How could you...!?"
Seraphina "Nahhhh, ahhhhh! Ah, stop... nahhhh, please listen to me... Ah, hnghhhhh!"
Iris "Nghhhh, hahh... sckkkkkkkk, muah! Ngh, pah, bastards... mgfffffff!? Nghhhh!"
The men unleash their lust without hesitation to take revenge on the defeated general who they blame for their circumstances.
Their pussies start to get wet to protect them from the violent movements which further incites the anger of the men.
Citizen D "Be punished through my cock... It's because of how sloven your cunt is that you lost...!!"
Other men rub their erect cocks against their hands and hair, getting more and more crazed with pleasure.
Their bodies which should be awash in pain are strangely hot, and they're exposed to the anger, enthusiasm, lust, and masculine odor of the men.
Iris "Nghhhh, hghhhh! Ngh, bah, ughh... sckkkk, pahhh, a-at least, Sera... bah!!"
Seraphina "Nahhh, stop, if you do so now, ahhh, t-there will still be time... Ahhh, swallow down your anger... ahhhhh!!"
The sweat and drool from the men who are humping like cray drip down on their white skin. Seraphina shakes her head sadly as she looks up at their lust-filled faces.
Citizen A "I'm going to cum... in your loser cunt!"
Citizen B "Me too! I'll shoot my peasant cum into your cunt, Lady Seraphina!"
Iris "Ngh, nghhh!? Stop, ngh!!"
Seraphina "Ah, augh... hhh!? M-My belly, hahh, is swelling... Ahhhh, please stop...!"
Splllrrrt! Bshhhhh...! Bshhhh!!")
Spllllrrrt... gshhh! Bshhhhhhh!!")
Bshhhhh! Bshh, bshhhhhh...!!")
Seraphina "Ah, nahhhhhh! Nahhhh! Y-Your hot... hhhh, jizz is shooting inside of me...!"
Iris "Nghhh!? Nghhhhhhhh! Hah, hahhhh! Nghhhh, no... nghhh, bahhhhhhh!!"
Cum explodes from her mouth and pussy.
She feels powerless at the heat of another person spreading through her pussy.
Iris "Ghhhhh, hghhh... bah, hghhhh!!"
Iris chokes on the jizz as it flows right down her throat.
But he shouldn't pull his cock out mid-ejaculation, so the cum can't escape through her mouth and flies out of her nose instead.
Iris "Gbffff!? Nbffff, pah!! Pghhhh!!"
Citizen C "Hahah, cum is dripping from the general's nose!"
Iris chokes as she is mocked. Cum gushes from the corners of her mouth and her nose.
Seraphina "Ah, ahhhh... There is so much... hot cum... inside and out... Ahhh..."
Seraphina can only sit dumbfounded as the people she tried to protect rape and sully her.
Seraphina (Is this also... because we lost...?)
Cum drops on her beautiful face and slides down her cheeks.
Derek "Well, will you show them mercy? Are your pain and frustration something you let go over this alone?"
Citizen E "There's no way we'll let it go! Because of them, my wife...!"
The men immediately swap places and thrust their rods into the two girls.
Shlllllllp! Shlllllllk! Shllllllllp!")
Seraphina "Hhhh! Ahhhh, again...!"
Iris "Khhh!! Wait! Calm down! Listen to us... Nahhhh, hbfffff!!"
Citizen F "Shut up! My daughter was taken too! Because you lost the war!!"
Dick once again plunges deep into Iris's mouth.
Iris blinks at his cock which is thicker than the previous ones as she desperately opens her mouth to get through the pain.
Iris "Ghhhh, hghhh... uhhhhhh, ughhhhh!"
Seraphina "Ngh, a-are you okay, Iris...!?"
Citizen E "Hey!! Don't look away! Suck my cock and reflect on what you've done! I'll show you what the girls of this town went through!"
He screams with hatred and sticks his thick cock down to its base.
Seraphina "Ah, aughhhh...!!"
Seraphina doesn't feel anger but bewilderment and guilt.
Seraphina (They all lost their homes and families... All because of our war...)
She knows she must repent to them... She wants to bring them pleasure if only just for now... Seraphina looks up at the man's face with those thoughts in mind.
Citizen E "Hey, what's the matter!? You're loose, you deflowered elf! Squeeze your cunt tight around my cock!"
Seraphina "L-Like this...? Ah, mm! I-It's so thick... Nah, khh... augh! W-What...!?"
Seraphina focuses her power on her abdomen, and her long and beautiful hair shakes wildly.
The tips of her hair are wrapped around a dick coated in precum.
Citizen G "Her hair is so lustrous! This is Lady Seraphina's hair...!"
Citizen H "Her hands are smooth too... Ahhhh, we were given a good treat as we starved..."
Driven by the heat of their cum and their excitement, their movements get more and more audacious as they rub their cocks against her.
Seraphina "Ah... augh, ahhhh...!"
Waiting for a new cock, Seraphina lifts her jaw and opens her legs as much as possible despite her bewilderment at the unusual act.
Seraphina (If I can soothe their pain even just a little by taking their dicks into my body... If I can atone for what I've done...)
The men eagerly pound their bodies however they please to distract themselves from their anger and sadness.
The huge amount of cum acts as a lubricant, and their movements get even more intense.
At the same time, her pussy's pain decreases, and a sweet ache spreads from her abdomen with each thrust.
Seraphina "Ngh... hahh, hnn... ngh, nghh, khhh...! Ah, no... nah, anghhhh..."
The men can't escape Seraphina's hot pants.
Citizen E "You're not supposed to be enjoying yourself! No wonder you lost that war, you lewd cunt!!"
He persistently hits the same point over and over as though to say that he's found her weak point.
Seraphina's body gets excited at the unusual situation of getting gang raped in a space filled with a masculine scent.
Seraphina "Ah, ah, just there... Nah, angh, stop... Stop... Hnn... ahhhhh!!"
Seraphina reaches a slight orgasm with a dick still deep in her mouth.
Her pussy is like wet silk. It squeezes tight around the angry man's cock.
Citizen E "You've got to be fuckin' kiddin' me! You're cummin' too easily! I'm going to cum inside of you, so keep it tight!!"
He pounds her roughly to push open her closed walls.
Seraphina "Anghhhh! Stop! Yes, please wait a second! Angh, I just came now...!"
Iris "Ngh, bahhhh, Sera! Nghhhh!?"
Iris is concerned for Seraphina, but her head is pushed back down, and a dick is thrust deep down her throat.
Citizen F "You should be apologizing to me! Concentrate on my cock!"
Citizen I "Tight your cunt like the holy lady!!"
The men head toward orgasm and pump away for the finale.
Iris "Nghhhhh, hbffff! Ghhhh, bahhhh!!"
Seraphina "Hangh, ah, ahhhh! Stop! No... Ah, ahhh... I-I...!!"
Splllllrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhh!")
Spllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhhhh...!!")
His cock is thrust into her cervix. It trembles and unleashes its load powerfully. At the same time, cum erupts forcefully from the surrounding cocks.
Seraphina "Nahhhh, it's hot, ahhh... It's shooting inside me... Nahhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhh...!!"
Iris "Nghhhh, gbffffff! Hghhhh, gmffffff...!"
The two of them once again are forced into a light orgasm by the heat of the cum.
They should feel anger at the seed of a stranger spreading once again through their pussies...
Citizen H "Hahah, you came from being having a load shot inside you!!"
Citizen F "Shit, ain't she happy to be inseminated? Fuckin' slut!"
The men say whatever they like before the two girls are coated in cum.
Iris glares sharply at Derek with tears in her eyes after she is released from their dicks.
Iris "Bahhh, ugh... brppp, brppp! Derek... Ghhh, brppp, ugh!!"
Iris tries to protest, but she can't speak because of the cum in her throat.
Derek "Hmm... What? Are you happy that you could repent to those you made to suffer? There's no need to thank me, you know...?"
Iris "No... Ngh, brppp! Brppp...!!"
Even if it's repenting, this method is strange...!")
Her throat is stuffed to the point that she can't make noise even if she tries to scream.
Seraphina "Iris...! Hnn...!? This is..."
Seraphina feels a strong dark energy as her eyes look off into the distance.
Derek "The men seem to have gathered from hearing your moans. You still need to atone..."
Several men have indulged in their bodies.
Citizen I "What tits! Did you think you could win a war with tits like these hanging down!?"
A man straddles Seraphina and uses her huge tits to stroke his cock.
Seraphina "Hhh... snfff.... ahhhh, hahhhh! Nahhh, ahhh, this scent again... Kffff, my head is already full of this scent... Hanghhhh, angh, anghhhh!!"
Seraphina can't breathe well with the man on top of her torso. She desperately tries to take deep breaths, but she is overwhelmed by the scent of his cock so close to her mouth.
And the scent of the fresh ejaculate wafts off of her hair and hands... She is coated in the stench of dicks and cum. She is fucked, and Seraphina's body is immersed in sensuality.
Seraphina "Hangh, hahhhh! Ah, ahhhhhh, hhhh!"
Citizen J "Ahhhh, Lady Seraphina! Please soothe me more with your incredible cunt! Lady Seraphina!"
Citizen K "I want to use her cunt soon too!!"
Iris's head strongly grips his rod as he screams.
Iris "Mm, mmmm...!! Bah, pahhh, I-I... will take Sera's place..."
Because she has continued to suck cock for a long time, she is out of breath, and her big eyes are vacant.
But Iris grips his dick hard and jerks it while moving her head further down the cock in her mouth. She twists her hips even more.
Iris "Sckkkk, sckkk, sckkkkk! Muah, sckkkk! Muah, sckkkk, sckkkkk...!"
Citizen J "Oh, delicious! Your hands aren't just for gripping swords but dicks too!"
Citizen K "Aren't you good at shaking your ass!? Did these sluts really rule our country!?"
Iris (Khhh! Even if I question them, this is the only way I can protect Sera... I have to make them all cum soon by myself...!)
Seraphina twists her own ass to entice a man because she feels guilty seeing Iris shake her hips with tears in her eyes.
Seraphina "Ah, Iris, I can't let you alone take responsibility... Everyone, use m-my body... Nahhhhh!!"
Citizen I "Yes, I'll make you pay for what you've done with those huge tits regardless of what you say to me!!"
The man fucking her tits and screaming thrusts his hips deeply.
Seraphina "Nahhhhhhhh!! Hghhhh!"
His long and thick dick passed through Seraphina's cleavage, reaching her mouth.
Having her mouth filled, Seraphina lets out a muffled groan of shock and pain.
Seraphina "Mghhhhhh!? Nghhhhhh, muah, nghhh...!"
Citizen I "Hahah, perfect! Stick your tongue out and lick my cock! Now that you've lost the way, your only value is as a cum dumpster!!"
Having a man sitting on her torso puts pressure on her lungs, and at the same time, her mouth is sealed off with dick. Her ability has mostly been taken from her.
Her skin has lost its beauty and has been covered in cum. Now it is quickly losing its color.
Seraphina "Kffff, sckkkk, sckkkkk... lckkkk, bahhh, kfff, hahhh, pahhh... hahh..."
Iris "Mghhhh... mmmm!!? Mmm!!"
Iris's limbs flail about at the sight of Seraphina, but the men continue to push her down.
Citizen L "Do you want to tell us to stop? This is what has been done to the women of this town! It's your turn now!!"
Cock plunges deeper into Iris's mouth, and her lips, mouth, and throat are rubbed with the head of his cock.
Iris "Hnn... nghhhhhhh!!? Bahhh, bahhh, sckkkk! Gbffffff, bahhhhh!"
Seraphina "Ngh, sckkkk, muah, sckkkk, pah!"
The sound of spit and their two tongues wrapping around one another... Cum once again shoots out from their dicks.
Spllllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Bshhhhh!")
Spllllrrrrrt, gshhhh...! Bshhhh...!!")
Seraphina "Ngh... nghhhhhh! Nghhh, khnghhhhh!"
Iris "Bmmmmm!? Bahhhhhh! Hghhhh!! Bah, nghhhhhhhh!!"
Having been fucked and made to cum over and over again, their bodies have grown weak from pleasure like they have broken. They orgasm due to the cum.
Cum gushes out from between their trembling lips due to their orgasm.
Citizen J "You came again! You really have a weak cunt!!"
Citizen K "Cumming from your punishment, what a fucking slut!!"
The two of them are bathed in insults, and their bodies are writhing from their orgasms as they continue to endure the pain and pleasure.
Iris "Brppp... gack, S-Sera... are you okay...?"
Seraphina "Nghhh, kaff! Nahhh! I-I am okay... Iris..."
Derek "You look to be in a lot of pain."
Derek chuckles, looking down at the two exhausted and pale women.
Derek "But they still haven't fucked you enough."
His dark eyes look at the line of men.
Seraphina looks down away from the men breathing roughly in front of her and emitting dark energy and the town she destroyed.
Seraphina (They aren't just enduring the pain of having lost their town and family... They're also victims...)
And the men greedily take their powerless bodies. She feels pity for them as she takes it...
After a long time has passed...
The men have increased in number as the girls' noble bodies have been completely exhausted.
Seraphina used to live in a castle or at her temple enveloped in the finest silks, but now she is covered in dust and dirt next to a ruined building.
Seraphina "Muah, sckkkk, lckkkk... sckkkk, nahhhh, ah... ahhhhh, hahh..."
She no longer knows how many cocks she has taken in her pussy filled with cum, but another hard dick still goes in and out of her.
Citizen M "What a loose cunt! Tighten it more!"
Seraphina "Pahhh, y-yes... Ngh, nghhhh... Is this okay...? Nahhh, ahhhh!"
Seraphina's voice trembles at the clear heat of his rod when she tightens her pussy.
Citizen M "Hah! It's finally my turn! Shit, this rare high elf cunt's been all stretched out, though!"
Seraphina "Uh, uhhh... sckkk, sckkkk..."
No matter how hard Iris tried, the men's excitement is drawn much more to a high elf like Seraphina over a normal human like her.
Seraphina's pussy has taken cock after cock with no break, expanding it further and further. The tightness that was there in the beginning is now gone.
The continued humiliation brings about a change in Seraphina.
A man fucks her cleavage, shaking her tits from side to side and occasionally slapping them.
Her boobs shake like jelly along with her erect nipples.
Seraphina "Nahhhh, anghhh! M-My boobs are hot! Ahhh, ahhhh, it's numb...!"
Citizen N "Ain't you gettin' off from having your breasts slapped! What kind of a holy woman are you!? Your nipples are also so vulgarly erect!"
He slaps her tits. But as she is continuing to be fucked, she gets off on the perverted act.
Iris "Nghhh, bahhhh... Sera...!"
Iris's situation is also bad.
She's been throat fucked too much. Her mind has gotten hazy because of it. She spits back up cum countless times, and now it's hard to make her take it in her mouth, so dicks just rub against her face.
Citizen O "Your proud face is covered in cum! If you could only see yourself!"
Iris "Nghhhh, hahh, stop... There's cum in my eyes... Nghhh, hyah... pah, pah... augh!"
The man seems to enjoy seeing her beautiful face gets wrecked, deliberately distorting her cheeks and pulling at her lips.
Her slender nose and long eyelashes are covered in jizz, and pubic hairs cling to her white cheeks.
But even with that done to her, Iris doesn't have the strength to glare at him.
Iris "Ah, ahhh... ghhh, pahhh, nahhh, ah...! Hhh, i-it's trembling deep inside of me again... Nah, khhhh...!"
Seraphina "Sckkkkk, sckkkkkkk! Hahhhh... This large dick won't fit in my mouth... Mm, sckkkkk!"
Their bodies are exposed before the men, and they continue to get fucked.
The men are finally approaching climax, so they hasten the speed of their humping, pushing their cocks deep inside of the girls.
The two of them arch back at the strong force they feel against their cervixes.
Iris "Hhhhhhhh... hhhh... I'm cumming... again... Hahhh, hahhh... nghhhhh!"
Seraphina "Hanghhhhh, it's so deep... Muah, muah, hahhh... pah, hnghhhh!"
At the same time as the two of them reach climax, their slimy holes tighten. At that tightening, the men shoot a large amount of cum.
Washed away by huge waves of pleasure and their vaginas pelted with cum leads the two girls to orgasm again.
Iris "Hyahhhhhh... I'm cumming again... Hhh, I can't believe I'm orgasming because cum has been shot inside of me..."
Seraphina "Pah, hghhh! Pah, it hurts... Nahhh, hahhh, sckkk, sckkkk, sckkkkk!"
Citizen N "You only get tight when you orgasm! Keep orgasming, you loose cunts!"
Citizen P "Thank us for cumming in your loose cunts!"
The men pull their cocks from them with ridicule, and another set of dicks slam back in. It seems it will still be a while until their rape is concluded...
And the rape continues...
The two of them are covered in cum as their limbs flail about like some sort of doll.
Citizen Q "Isn't that high elf's cunt still open!?"
Citizen R "What can you do!? The lady's got a loose cunt now. It's hard to cum!"
A man thrusts irritatedly, and Seraphina pants weakly.
Seraphina "Hhh! Hah, ah... khhh..."
Citizen Q "It can't be helped. Could always use her throat!"
When he tries to open Seraphina's mouth, Iris finally pleads with Derek.
Iris "W-Wait! Ah, this can't go on any longer! Sera is dying... Please even if it's just Sera...!"
Derek looks down at Iris without changing his expression as her face spasms with shame over lowering her head to her foe.
Derek "In that case, there's something for you to say, right?"
Iris "Something for me to say...?"
Derek "Apologize to them. Apologize for your reckless war and your pathetic defeat."
Iris "T-That's..."
Seraphina "........................"
The two of them are bewildered at Derek's request.
Certainly, the reason that this town was destroyed is that they lost.
But if she denies the legitimacy of their war here, she will feel guilt for the victims that came about.
The men thrust roughly into their pussies as they hesitate.
Citizen R "The reason for this is all your fault!"
Citizen S "Apologize! You whore!!"
Shlllp... shlllllp! Glkkkk! Shllllllp!!")
Iris "Nghhh! Hghhh, khhhhh!!"
Seraphina "Nahhh... hahhhh, hahhhh...!"
The two girls scream and twist as their pussies are plowed.
The lack of apology causes the men's anger to grow deeper. It can't end until they least apologize.
The two of them open their mouths to end their rape.
Iris "I... I'm sorry... Ahhhhh! Hahhh, I-I'm responsible for our defeat...!"
Seraphina "No... khnghhhh, I-I... hanghhh, am the one who was mistaken about the situation... I-I'm sorry... Ahhh, not so deep..."
The men increase the speed of their assault at the humorous sight of the two girls panting as they apologize.
The force of the cocks rubbing against their hands, faces, and hair gets stronger too.
Citizen T "How are you going to show that you're sorry!?"
Seraphina "H-How...? Hanghhhh!"
Derek looks at Seraphina in her shock and chuckles.
Derek "What are you doing now...?"
Iris "That...?"
Iris guesses what Derek is getting at. She opens her mouth first to protect Seraphina.
Iris "I-I'll apologize with sex... Uh, uhhh... I will pay you back for what I've done with my body...!"
Citizen S "Hey, aren't you covered in cum!? What does your cunt take!?"
He humps harder, slamming into her pelvic bone.
Iris's body arches back at the intense thrusting.
Iris "Nahhhh, hghhhh, c-cock...! My cunt takes cock!"
All she can do is take it.
The two of them hide their shame and say obscene things.
Iris "Aughhhh!? Everyone, use my cunt. It is my apology for what I've done...! P-Please use my cunt!"
Seraphina "U-Use my cunt and accept my apology...! I'll pleasure all of your cocks to apologize!"
Citizen T "More! More!!"
Dicks assault their pussies, boobs, hair, and hands.
They reek of semen and are completely exhausted from the intense fatigue.
Their rational minds are shaved away as they scream out absorbed in the act.
Seraphina "I'll pleasure cock, hanngh, with m-my high elf cunt!! I'll apologize for wrecking the c-country with my slutty cunt...!!"
Iris "I-I'm an awful loser... Hnghhh! I'll pleasure you with my slutty, loser pussy, so, ahhh, please show mercy! Please take your anger out on me by slamming me with cock... Nahhhh!"
Several cocks thrust into her as she screams things she doesn't believe... but the pleasure and pain have made her head go blank, and at some point, she starts to feel her words are her true feelings.
The men have picked up their momentum.
Citizen U "I'm going to teach you where a slave belongs!"
Seraphina "I understand! I'm a slave! Fill my high elf cunt with your human seed. Ah, ah, I will apologize for the rest of my life... Nah, hahhhhh!"
With each intense pounding, Seraphina's lower body jumps like she has orgasmed.
Her pussy has lost its original tightness. She tightens around his cock, pulling it deep inside.
Seraphina feels pleasure at the sensation of a cock sliding deep into her pussy. Her face goes bright red, and she continues to pant.
Citizen R "Your cunt is drenched. What kind of holy lady are you!? You're just a giant slut!"
Seraphina "Nghhhhh, I'm sorry that I was worshipped even though I had such a greedy pussy! Now, I, ahhhh, will pleasure cock for the rest of my life!"
A man once again pounds Iris too.
Because of his anger, the force of his thrusts is tremendous. Each time he thrusts, she is assailed with pleasure to the point that she feels like she'll pass out, and it causes her hips to bounce up and down.
Iris "I've had a change of heart. I will become a slave for semen... Augh, fill my slutty cunt up with your cum... Aghhhh, your cock is incredible!!"
Citizen S "How unsightly to get off like that! Are you strong against a sword or weak to a cock!?"
Iris "Hah, hahhh! I've lost to cock! My cunt is so weak. I'm sorry that I was such a proud general!"
Citizen R "I'm going to cum soon! Take my commoner cum and reflect!"
Seraphina "Hah, hahhh! I'll reflect with my cunt! Punish me by inseminating my loose high elf cunt! Ahhhh, I feel your cock going in so deep!!"
Iris "Punish me! Please punish my loser cunt with all of your cum! Nahhhh, no, not that deep! I'm cumming!!"
The instant that pleasure is forced deep into the two of them, the men's cocks grow bigger.
Splllllrrrrrrrrt!! Bshhh, bshhhhh!!")
Gshhhhhh, gshhhhh... gshhh!")
Bshhhhhhhhh... bshh, bshhhhhhh...!!")
Hot cum pelts their cervixes, pushing their pleasure passed their limits.
Seraphina "Nahhh, oh, khhh... No, no, I'm cumming. I'm sorry. I mean to apologize, but, ahhh, I'm cumming. Forgive me... I'm cumming...!"
Iris "Khhhhh... Agh, shoot your hot jizz, kfff, uhhh! Gah, nahhh, I'm sorry...! I'm cumming!!"
Pshhhhh! Pshhhhhhh...!!")
Their two bodies bounce up and down, and a large amount of transparent fluids erupt from her constricted pussy.
Seraphina "I'm cumming... Nahhhhhh, hot cum is shooting into my cunt...!! Ah, ah, nahhhhh, no, something is shooting out of me too!!"
Iris "Nooooo! The p-punishment is too incredible! My cunt is cumming again!! I'm cumming from being punished!! Ahhhhh! I'm sorry I'm such a slut!"
The two of them writhe and squirt as they are showered with cum.
There is no longer any visage of their former position as charismatic leaders...
The men leave after they are satisfied with completely raping the women.
Seraphina "Nah... hah... hahh..."
Iris "Hhh... hahhh... hahh, hahhh..."
Their breathing is shallow, and their eyes are hazy and looking into the sky.
Their pussies have been opened by an innumerable number of cocks. They have forgotten to close temporarily and remain wide open.
When the dry wind touched their hot bodies, they feel the sensation of the cum flowing out of their gaping pussies... but at the same time, they feel like they are still being penetrated deep inside.
That is because of the intensity and length of their fucking.
Iris (I-It's over... My unsightly body has been exposed, but both Sera and I are alive... We've gotten through this...)
Iris looks at Seraphina collapsed just like her. Seraphina is ragged, but she is certainly breathing.
Her mind feels a sense of relief... but as soon as it does, she hears heavy footsteps.
Derek "Hey, you look exhausted. There are still plenty of towns we crushed. You'll have to work there to show you're sorry as well... Haha, hahah!"
Derek laughs loudly in the destroyed town.
The two of them are not finished repaying their sins...
............
......
...
#20_app08
#RP_kai_ele_01
Eleonora was found to have been working with the Holy Alliance. After getting gang raped by Derek and his men, she is confined in the Black Dog's dungeon.
Her body is still left with marks from her rape even now. Far from having the filth wiped from her, the wounds from being raped violently haven't even been treated.
But Eleonora knows that things have only just begun.
Eleonora "............"
They will subject her to far more awful experiences from here to extract information on the Holy Alliance from a traitor like her.
Eleonora's eyes are still filled with strength because she knows that.
Eleonora (Compared to the pain that everyone is going through on the front lines now, this is nothing. I will definitely endure.)
She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath to confirm her resolve.
It is then that she hears powerful footsteps drawing closer.
Lucaon "Uh, that stench."
The footsteps belong to Lucaon and another soldier.
He narrows his eyes and glares nonchalantly at her.
Lucaon "Aren't you getting near your limits? If you know something about the Holy Alliance, I want you to tell me now."
Eleonora "I refuse. I will not yield to somebody evil like you."
Eleonora calmly but firmly rejects him.
She has already made up her mind to endure anything that may come.
Lucaon "I thought you'd say that. I've prepared something especially for that. Are you prepared?"
Lucaon grabs a large bucket from the soldier next to him.
Eleonora prepares herself to be showered in ice water, but contrary to her expectations, Lucaon places the bucket at his feet.
Eleonora "That's...!?"
Shllllk... plppp! Plpppp!")
A large amount of slime spills onto the floor from the bucket.
A hard, jelly-like slime bounces across the floor, heading for Eleonora's unmoving legs.
Eleonora "Kyahhhhh! Why is this...!?"
The slime is squishy like a sponge soaked in water, and when it touches her skin, it sticks to her like glue.
She can't stop herself from screaming at the horrific sensation.
Moreover, it felt cold the instant it touched her, but as it moves it immediately starts to feel warmer.
The difference between its jelly-like appearance and life-like heat is disturbing.
Lucaon "This is a slime that has trained with the knights. It's too weak so it's absolutely useless in battle, but at times like these, it can be very helpful."
Lucaon smiles and looks down at her.
Eleonora "At times like these? D-Do you intend to make it eat me...!?"
Despite trembling with horror, Eleonora manages to speak with a brave voice.
Lucaon "Hahaha, that would be a waste. Bishop, please relax and have fun."
The slime spreads out in the space between her legs. It makes a squelching sound as it crawls.
Because she has never felt such a gentle embrace while being raped, she is unused to the sensation her body is currently experiencing.
The sensation of the slime crawling over her is like a wet tongue.
Eleonora (It's disgusting... But it also gives me an itch... My skin feels hot... Is my body really burning...?)
Eleonora feels slight sweat on her brow.
She keeps her solemn expression despite the bad feeling she has.
Eleonora "Even if you do this, there is no meaning to it."
Lucaon "Keheh, how long are you going to keep saying that?"
Lucaon points to her crotch while smiling.
At his behest, she looks down and sees that juices have started flowing from her pussy without her notice.
Eleonora "W-Why...!? Hahh, hahhh...!"
Now that she's conscious of it, her body burns even hotter.
Once again, the unwelcome pleasure once again spreads from the place that is touched by the slime.
Lucaon "You are being covered in a powerful aphrodisiac. Just having it touch your skin has already pushed you passed the point of being able to deal with it, yes?"
Eleonora "Aphrodisiac...!? Hahhh, hahh, hnghhhh...!"
Her breathing gets hot, shallow, and ragged.
Her pulse gets faster and harder, and it feels as though her heart is leaping from her chest.
Unrestrained gazes are drawn to her wet crotch.
Lucaon "If it goes into a cunt that ripe... Hahaha, what do you think will happen, bishop?"
Eleonora "Ahhh, stop this...!"
The slime sticks to Eleonora's crotch like it was waiting for Lucaon to say that.
Eleonora's hairs are all standing on end at the sensation of having her entire crotch licked.
Eleonora "Stop! Ahhh, ah...! I hate this! Release me!"
The slime just keeps sucking even when she twists her body and tries to speak to it like it's a human.
It's actually even worse. It changes shape and wriggles back and forth as it tries to twist itself into her slit.
Eleonora "Stop! Hahhhh, hahhhh, st-stop!"
Her labia are pushed open, and the slime touches her inner folds.
The slime moves around audibly in the pool of pussy juice.
Eleonora (Kfffff... It feels so hot as soon as I'm touched... Ahhhh, I want it to touch me more...!)
Lucaon "You can endure the pain and agony, what a splendid bishop. But how about the pleasure?"
Eleonora "Ah, ahhhh, I'll endure it...! Ah, ahhhh, next...! Hhhh!?"
It pushes her slit open wider, exposing the inside.
Touching her vulva, the slime pulsates with heat like a man's dick.
Eleonora "Hyahhhh, ahhhh! Not there... Nghhhh! I-It's hot... Ahhhh, you can't go in there. Don't spread me open!"
Eleonora screams desperately and focuses her strength to her pussy to try to close it.
But the slime covers her crotch and licks at her crotch again, pulverizing her hips.
Eleonora "Hah, hah, hah, hahh... ahhh..."
Just having her pussy rubbed and licked feels so good that tears come to her eyes.
If she welcomes this into her pussy...
The instant that she thinks of that, the slime twists its way in.
Eleonora "Ahhhh! Hyahhhhhh, no... Ahhhhh, release me. That's no place to enter...! No, no, please!?"
But as soon as she twists her body, the slime slides into her pussy.
Eleonora "Nahhhhhhh! No, kahhhhh, i-it's going in. I can't take it. Nooooo, it's going in...!!"
Her pussy is forced open, and the slime quickly fills her.
Compared to a cock, it's soft. But its flexibility and volume push at her pussy, stretching it open further.
Eleonora "Hhh... nooo, no... Aghhh... uhhhhhhhh!"
Her eyes grow dark from the shock of being raped by a monster, and tears well up in the corners.
Despite that, pleasure and intense heat well up from her abdomen.
Her head is confused by the abnormal situation, and sweat oozes from her body.
Eleonora "Hnghhhhh, aughhhhhh... Stop. No. Please get out of me... Noooooooo!!"
Lucaon "Hahahaha, you seem to like that slime a lot. It looks like you're enjoying it more than cock."
She doesn't have it in her to react to Lucaon's provocation.
Eleonora desperately focuses her strength to her abdomen in an attempt to chase the slime from her.
Eleonora "Khhh, hahhhh... Get out of me... Hyangh!"
But the bouncy slime enjoys the pressure applied by her pussy rather than getting crushed and pushes deeper into her.
Eleonora's pussy is stretched even greater than Derek's huge cock, and she struggles to breathe.
Eleonora "Aghhhhh, ugh, uhhhhh... Stop. Don't go in there. I can't take it... Ahhhh, I'm tearing apart...!"
?gHowever, whether it was due to the effects of the aphrodisiac or the delightful softness of the slime's body, her vagina is not injured. On the contrary, she doesn't even feel the pain of the small wounds inflicted during her earlier rape because it has been drowned out by pleasure."
The slime fills Eleonora's pussy.
Eleonora "Aghhh... uhhhh, ughhhh... ughhh..."
She stops herself from raising her voice and lets out a sharp sigh.
The feeling of his cock is different from the slime. It's soft and squishy.
The pressure is close to a feeling of fullness.
Eleonora (What is going to happen now...? What is this slime trying to do inside me...?)
Her pussy is pushed passed her limits due to the effect of the slime's aphrodisiac. It hurts, but there is also a pleasure to it.
?gShe tentatively checks her own abdomen and sees that it is slightly swollen just from the portion of the slime that has slipped inside."
She unintentionally gulps at the situation.
Eleonora "Ghhh... It's moving!? Nooooo, ahhhhhh, it's twisting... Hahhhhhh!"
After the slime fills her pussy, it begins to slowly move.
Eleonora's body bends back at the sensation of having every fold in her pussy sucked.
Eleonora "Hghhh, nghhh, hhhhh! Stop, stop, stop! D-Don't move inside me!!"
The slime doesn't just move in and out.
It partially changes shape and thrusts into parts of her pussy that a cock couldn't touch.
Eleonora "Nahhhh! Ahhhhhh! Anghhhh! Stop... Nooo! Anghhhhhh!"
The stimulation applies pressure to every inch of her pussy, unlike a cock's simple back-and-forth motion, to allow it to ejaculate.
Each time it pushes at the walls of her pussy, her nipples and clit react to the sweet sensation, and Eleonora writhes.
The slime sticks to the walls of her pussy, rubbing these thin folds.
Eleonora "Nghhhhhh...! Khhhhh, kfffff! Hahhhh, no... don't move... You can't...!"
It's like her pussy is being licked by a large tongue.
Hot pleasure spreads through her, and it feels like her lower body is melting.
Moreover, when it finds a part that she reacts easily to, it squeezes on it, concentrating on stimulating that part alone.
Eleonora "Kynghhhh!? Hyah, what!? What...!? Nahhhh, ahhhh! Khnghhhhh!"
As it rubs against the roof of her pussy, her legs slap against each other from the pleasure that reminds her of the urge to pee.
Juices gush out of her.
She can no longer see her crotch getting attacked by the slime, but the slime trembles with joy, so she can guess the amount of pussy juice she is producing.
Lucaon "I was worried that a squishy slime wouldn't be enough for you after you've been assaulted by the master's and other soldiers' rock-hard cock, but you seem to be in plenty of pleasure!"
Eleonora "N-No... I, hyahhhhh! Nah, stop, hnghhh... I... am not enjoying it! Ahhhh! Hnghhhhhh!"
The aphrodisiac is rapidly absorbed by her pussy's flesh.
The sensation inside of her pussy grows greater than she knew it could.
Rationality returns to her voice and she once again screams out.
Eleonora "Hnghhhhhh, hnghhhh! Ah, ahhh, ahhh, what am I...? Aghhhhhh!!"
The slime wraps its squishy body around her clit to drink more of her juices.
It pushes back her hood and rubs every wetted bit of her, and more of the aphrodisiac sinks into her.
Eleonora "Ahhhhhhhh! Not there... Ahhhh, I need to endure... No matter the assault, aghhhh, I must have strength... Hahhhh!?"
The part of the slime enveloping her red clit has a transparent body. It wriggles, sending vibrations to her clit.
She feels tremendous pleasure tearing at her abdomen, and her body stretches out greatly.
Eleonora "Ahhhhhhhhh!! Hyahhhhhh, hyahhh! Ohhhhh, hyanghhhhhh, nghhhhhhh!!"
Her lower body twists from the pleasure to her clit and her pussy, and she can't stop secreting juices.
Adhering to her crotch, it tightens its squishy body, sucking up her juices.
Eleonora "Hghhhhh! Ughhhhhh! Gahhhhhhh! Wait! Please wait... Hnnn... hhhhhh!? Hyah! Ahhhhh, hnghhhhhhh!"
It sucks on her hot pussy and trembles on her aching clit, sucking up juices from all over her aroused crotch.
It is her first experience with such pleasure... Her body twists and trembles from the pleasure that no normal human would ever experience.
Her face turns bright red as she desperately fights to not cum.
Lucaon "We don't mind, you know? You can cum and squirt without fighting it."
Eleonora "I-I won't cum from being defiled by a creature like this... Nghhhh, hahhhh... hnnn...!!"
She desperately tries to endure the pleasure shooting through her.
Lucaon "I see. You mean to say that this isn't enough to make you cum yet?"
Lucaon chucks to himself, giving off the impression that he might be able to control the slime.
When he finishes speaking, a hot force thrusts deep into Eleonora's belly, causing her to scream.
Eleonora "Nahhhhh, ahhhhhhhh...!? Aughhhhhh!?"
It feels hot deep inside her belly.
The slime has spread to fill every inch of her pussy. Having lost anywhere else to go, it sticks to her cervix and sends vibrations through it.
Eleonora "Nahhhhh! Ohhhhhh... hyagh!? Stop. Don't thrash around inside me...!!"
The vibrations shaking her cervix get bigger.
At the same time, her whole pussy shakes, and she screams from the hot vibrations occurring deep inside her body.
Lucaon "Do you understand? That slime is forcing your cervix open now, bishop."
Eleonora "M-My cervix... Hahhh!? Nahhhh!?"
She thought having it inside of her was bad enough, but it begins pushing passed her cervix and crawling to her womb.
Eleonora's whole body spasms at the unusual pleasure. It feels like her brain is being directly licked.
Eleonora "Hahhhh... nghhh!! Nah, bah, ahhhhh!"
Lucaon "Perhaps I should ask you this now. Will you tell us the information you have on the Holy Alliance?"
Eleonora "N-No! I will tell you nothing... Unghhh! Ohhhhh!!"
The slime slams into her softened cervix again.
Eleonora's mind drifts into greater pleasure at the alternating pleasures of being licked and being slammed into.
Lucaon "I see. You want to orgasm from having your womb fucked by a slime, huh, bishop? I don't mind. As you wish."
Eleonora "Ahhhhh, I... hhhh!? W-Wait!!"
Part of the slime finally pushes completely past her cervix, forcing it further open from the other side.
The sound of that door that shouldn't be opened being forced opened is audible.
Even though it should hurt, it doesn't. She feels pleasure thrusting into her at the same time as the numbing sensation.
Eleonora "Ahhhhhhh, ahhhhhhh!! Hyah, y-you can't go in. Not passed there!!"
Afraid of the pleasure, Eleonora shakes her hair and cries while screaming desperately.
But the slime doesn't stop.
Her cervix is opened even though it shouldn't be possible, and the slime slides into her womb as she feels a hot and slimy sensation.
Eleonora "Aghhhh, ghhhhh... Stop!! That's only for my future babies!! Aghhhhh!"
Her womb is invaded by a slime carrying the effects of an aphrodisiac, and her belly swells from the inside.
It sends enough fear to make her hair stand on end and enough pleasure to make her feel like her womb is on fire.
Eleonora "Ahhhh, ah, aghhhhhhhhhhhhh! Ahhh, hahhhhhhh!? Bghhhhhhhhh!?"
When the slime moves in her womb, she feels tremendous pleasure shooting right to her head from her abdomen.
Eleonora's slender body bounces from the whirlwind of pleasure, destroying her mind.
Her pussy is engorged with blood. It tightens around the slime inside her, and transparent juices fly from it.
Eleonora "Nghhhhh, aghhhhhhhhhh!! Oh, ohhhhh, hahhh, oh... Stop! I can't take it! Nghhh, ughhhh! Ohhhhh!"
Lucaon "Hahahahahah! You really just squirted out a geyser! It was worth bringing the slime."
Lucaon's mockery doesn't reach Eleonora.
The slime in her womb acts the same way as it did when it was in her pussy. It sucks away at her sensitive organs.
Its squishy body wriggles inside of her, coating her with its aphrodisiac. Its pliable body bounces around inside her.
Eleonora "Hyahhhh, nghhhhh... oh, ughhh... ghh...! Nghhhhh!? Ngh, byah...!!"
There are many places in the womb that are necessary for the raising of a fetus. It is not a place for a foreign object to be thrashing about.
Her womb shouldn't be able to endure such stimulation. It's only able to because of the large amount of aphrodisiac in her system. It has changed her womb into a pleasure organ.
Eleonora (My sacred place where I would... hold my child... is being fucked up!! But why does it feel good!?)
She imagines her womb filled with slime before her mind drifts away from the unusual pleasure.
Eleonora "Agh... My baby's... Hyahhhhh...!"
She is filled with fear and despair, but she can't stop feeling pleasure.
After sucking up her fluids, the slime moves rapidly.
It starts moving in and out of her cervix like it did with her vulva, stretching it wider.
Eleonora "Nghhhhhhhh!? Nahhhhh!? AH... hghhhh, hghhhh, nghhhh, hghhhh... No, longer!? Pyah!? Hahhh!?"
The stimulation is greater than a human can take because her organs are being directly fucked.
Her legs slam against each other from the pleasure so great that it makes her eyeballs roll in the back of her head. She kicks at the stone floor.
Eleonora "Bahhhh, hahhhhh... Wait... Ahhhhhh, nghhhh, ahhhhh, no, don't go in there... Stop... Nghhhhh!!"
Even if her head takes it as a pleasure, her body seems to be damaged, and it can't stop sweating and gagging.
Her muscular legs thrash about, slamming against the hard floor.
Eleonora "Haghhhh, aghhhhh, pahhhhhhh...!!"
Sounds build on top of one another as she slams her hands against the stone.
Lucaon "Kehehehehe, your womb seems excellent, bishop. The slime seems to have started to multiply."
Lucaon's eyes look at the slime hanging from her pussy.
Eleonora "Multiplying...?"
Eleonora groans from the unpleasant feeling she has for those words.
The slime fills her pussy and womb, making them get hotter and hotter.
Lucaon "It's expanding inside your womb to the point of breaking."
Lucaon "It's growing bigger... It's like you're giving birth. Given how much you love that slime, you must be feeling so much pleasure that your brain is getting wet."
Eleonora "Hnn...!!"
Eleonora's back trembles with fear.
She stares at her own abdomen with wide-open eyes.
Eleonora "Nahhh, hahh, hahh, hhh, hhh... hnn, hfff, hnn, hhh, hhh, hhh... hnnn..."
Her breathing gets restless and a mixture of sobs and laughs slip out of her.
The slime is multiplying inside of her womb. She is birthing it.
This act is in defiance of the Goddess.
Regardless of that, her womb pulses like it were a heart, and heat rushes through her whole body.
Eleonora "Nahhh, hahh, hahhhh... hnn, hahh, hahh, hahhh...! I-I'm... giving birth to... s-slime... hnn..."
Eleonora's body trembles in expectation of the devastating pleasure.
The more she thinks that she can't let this happen, the more she feels the urge to birth slimes from her aphrodisiac-soaked body.
Lucaon "Oh, you can't stand it any longer, can you? I'll ask you the reverse question this time."
Lucaon "If you tell me about the Holy Alliance, I'll let you enjoy the pleasure of giving birth to slimes to your heart's content. Well, that doesn't sound bad, right?"
Eleonora "Hahhh... hahhh, hghhh..."
Eleonora's throat once again makes unnatural noises.
Her small, trembling nose drips with mucus, and tears fall from her open eyes.
She wants to give birth...!")
Eleonora's bodily desires are twisted by her willpower.
Eleonora "Kah, hahh... ugh... I refuse..."
Her drool-soaked lips tremble, and she desperately strings together words.
Eleonora "I... Nghh, w-we won't, ghhh...!"
Lucaon "Hahah, you're quite the lady, bishop! In honor of your noble heart, please enjoy giving birth to slimes!"
Eleonora "What!?"
Lucaon grins and snaps his fingers.
The slime starts replicating itself at that signal.
Eleonora "Nghhhhhhhhhhh!! Nghhh!!"
It coils around inside her pussy and womb, swelling larger and larger.
It happens in every inch of her pussy.
She grits her teeth in an attempt to endure the pleasure and shock. Bubbles of saliva squirt out from between them.
Eleonora "Hghhh, nghhh, gah... gahhhhhhhh... kffff! Hnghhhh, hhhhh! Ughhh! Ahhhhh!"
Bubbles like boiling water form on her belly, showing the force and speed of the slime's replication.
Each time the slime multiplies, a pillar of pleasure burns in her abdomen, and her rational mind is whited out.
Eleonora "Ahhhhhhhhh! Aghhhhh, ughhhh! Stop, ah, ahhhhhh, I'm cumming... I'm cumming... Noooooooooooooooo!"
When she thinks that pleasure is going to explode from inside her mind, every part of her body explodes.
Her tremendous screams are like that of an animal. They echo through the dungeon.
Eleonora "Aghhhhhh, ahhhh, I'm cumming! No, I won't! Not with this monster... Pghhhh! Mmm, nghhhhhh!!"
Because of the slime's multiplication, it pushes on her pussy. It once again pushes further into her and back out of her.
Eleonora's body bends back at the sudden pushing into her womb from her pussy.
Eleonora "Ah... oh, gahhhhhhhh! I'm cumming, nghhh, hnghhhhhhh! Nghhhhhhhhh!!"
Bright white lights glitter before her eyes due to the intense pleasure she is in.
Her slime-coated pussy constricts, and she squirts forcefully from the small gaps.
Eleonora "Aghhhh! Ohhhhh, ohhhh! I'm cumming! The slime feels so good!!"
Her rationality and personality are washed away by the pleasure.
Eleonora's whole body spasms violently, and her limbs shoot out like rods.
Eleonora "Ohhh, ughhhhh! I'm cumming now... I'm cumming!! I'm still cumming!! Aghhhh, ahhhhhhhh...!!"
Her bloodshot eyes roll to the back of her head, and she sticks her tongue out, sending drool flying about.
With her modesty and composure completely gone, she cums from the slime.
Her face is sloppy with no hint of a rational mind in her.
But the slime's assault and multiplication don't stop after Eleonora cums.
The slime immediately crowds around the gap that she is squirting from, and its multiplication grows ever faster.
Eleonora "Wait... Hnn, wait! I'm cumming now!! Gahhhhhh! The slime is still making me cum!"
Eleonora arches back at the intense assault.
Her belly swells past the point of a pregnant woman.
Lucaon "Hahahaha! Aren't you making a good face, bishop!? Well, the slime is going to burst from your belly next, so will you show me your o-face from giving birth to slime!"
Eleonora "Hhhh... I-It's bursting out...!! It's amazing...!!"
Eleonora's whole body trembles, and tears form in her eyes.
Eleonora "Hhhh, hhh, hfffffff... nghhh, agh! Ugh, hahhh, hhh... hhhhh...!!"
Every time she focuses her strength to her abdomen, pleasure rushes through her like lightning, and her mind goes blank.
Eleonora "Ohhhh, oh, ngh... bghh, hhhh, hahhh, it's shooting out of me, ughhhh! Nooooooo!! Ohhhhhh, hhhhhh, hhhh!"
Tears and drool warp her face further, and she lets out long breaths.
Eleonora's belly finally deflates, and the slime flies out of her.
Eleonora "Nghhhhhhhhh! Augh!! Hahhh, it's shooting out of me! Nahhhhh!!"
The slime erupts forcefully from her along with her screams.
Slime gushes out of her uterus through her pussy all at once. It's like having a huge cock pulled from her. The shock assails her aphrodisiac-soaked body.
Eleonora "Ughhhhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming, ughhh!! I'm cumming while giving birth to the slime, hnghhhhhhh!!"
The pleasure is so great she feels like she will break, and she cums more and more.
She squirts again, sending slime flying through the air.
Eleonora "Ughhh, nghhh! Nghhhhh... I'm still cumming... nghhh, from giving birth to slime!"
Incomprehensible lights and colors rush before her eyes before her mind cuts off.
Eleonora continues to orgasm as the slime gushes from her crotch.
Her hips buck up and down over and over again...
Eleonora "Gah, ngh, ohhhh, ugh... hahhh!!"
Finally, the last bit of slime slides from her pussy, and her sweat-drenched body is drained of strength.
Eleonora collapses on the stone floor like a piece of cut string.
Eleonora "Ah... gyah... hyah... oh..."
Eleonora's pussy is gaping to such a degree that her cervix seems visible, and she spasms. Lucaon looks down at Eleonora with scornful eyes.
Lucaon "You've fucked a large number of men, squirted from getting raped by a slime, and even given birth to that slime, what a bishop."
Her mind grows distant as her whole body is consumed with fatigue.
New tears run down Eleonora's face as her mind drifts away.
Eleonora (I'm sorry, Iris... Seraphina...)
Eleonora loses consciousness while apologizing to Iris and Seraphina in her mind.
............
......
...
#20_app09
The days continue without change...
Mistiora receives a summons from Derek again today.
Derek "This evening, you will service a guest from another country."
She twists her lips into a challenging smile from beneath her silk veil.
Mistiora "Who do you think I am? Such a thing will be no difficulty."
She has experienced much humiliation from Derek...
But Mistiora acts in a manner to communicate that her heart has not been broken.
Derek "You're quite confident. I expect nothing less from the Legendary Whore."
Derek "But he's not like your ordinary rich guys. He knows all about luxury, you know?"
Derek smiles in bemusement.
Mistiora "Hahh... Don't look down on me. Several nobles will be your partner. You'll take whatever partner you're presented, right?"
She tilts her head and throws a bewitching smile.
Derek laughs in a low tone.
Derek "Show me your skill. Well, I'll have to elaborate on my own tastes as well..."
She feels hatred in his gaze and voice.
But no matter the guest and their fetish she knows well enough that she must take it...
The scent of food, drink, and women fills the luxurious room.
Half-naked beautiful women are serving many wealthy guests. Derek is also in attendance.
Guest A "This is incredible! The Service Nation is incredible."
Guest B "I can't believe the service... The food, drinks, and women are top-class!"
Normally, these guests are reserved, but even they look slovenly and praise both the Service Nation and Derek.
When the place was lively, the waiter politely asked.
Butler "Lord Derek has prepared something special for you all."
A large plate is brought out at the butler's signal.
#RP_kai_mis_01
Guest A "What...? Is this the beauty of the castle!?"
The plate is placed on the table, and the guests all get excited.
Various fruits adorn the plate beautifully, and Mistiora is lying in the center of the plate.
They look at her as though she's the main desert.
Mistiora "........................"
Her long and beautiful hair is spread out across the plate, and a sweet scent comes off of her.
Her skin is covered in honey, causing it to glisten.
The luster shows the beauty of her exquisite body.
Guest B "This is the Legendary Whore that drove many kings to madness! I feel like my soul is being sucked out just from looking at her...!"
The men each toss away the women assigned to them and reach out to Mistiora.
Their noses wiggle as though smelling the scent of the food.
Guest C "She upstages all the other girls... Her face and her body are magnificent!"
Their unrestrained gaze laps at her body.
She feels an unpleasant sensation crawling over her skin like insects. A ticklish ache courses through her skin.
Guest A "Even her cunt is beautiful! Ohh, she's already starting to get wet!"
Their eyes all stare at her crotch.
Transparent tears are reflected in her eyes.
Guest D "I can't believe she's getting wet just from being watched! She truly is a legendary slut!"
Guest E "The transparency of her juices is different even from a woman's!"
Mistiora's face is calm as she feels irritation internally.
Mistiora (Say whatever you like... Am I getting off on having these human men looking at me? It's obviously because of that terrible drug that was used on me...)
Her whole body is covered in honey containing an aphrodisiac.
The heat from the drug eats at her body as she feels displeasure. She smiles and greets him as Derek had instructed her.
Mistiora "Welcome to the Service Nation. This evening, enjoy the body of the black princess, my body, to your heart's content."
Guest A "Incredible! Then, I'll help myself right away!"
After he finishes speaking, he closes his lips and all of the guests immediately surround Mistiora.
Her body is sucked on all over as though she were the prey of a pack of hungry animals.
Mistiora "Hnn...! Ahh, don't push...! Won't you refrain from being rough...?"
Mistiora moans in bewilderment at the aggressive actions of the men.
The men suck and lick her skin coated in honey.
Mistiora "Ah, hahhh! What...? Hahhh, hahhh!?"
Her boobs... collar... cheeks... armpits... sides... and toes...
Why there she wonders as their warm tongues run over her body.
Guest B "Truly delicious! Especially on her toes and nails... There is the slightest hint of her sweat in this honey...!"
His tongue licks around her big toe.
Mistiora unintentionally struggles at the ticklish sensation crawling up her leg from her toe.
Her knees and thighs are being licked by other tongues.
Mistiora "Nahhh! Hahhh, ahhhhhh...!"
The irritating sensation is coming from her thighs.
When she thinks of tongues reaching out to her pussy, the man at her toe switches to the bottom of her foot.
Mistiora "Hnn... I-If you're going to taste me, there is a more suitable place... Nahhh, khnghhh!"
The sensation of ticklishness and pleasure builds up inside her body as her weak points are licked.
It would be preferable to have her crotch licked. Mistiora's body twists and writhes.
Guest A "Ahh, it's sweet! Your breasts are really sweet! This sweetness isn't just from the honey but also the sweetness of a woman...!"
A lone man moans as a tongue runs over Mistiora's voluptuous breasts.
His wet tongue runs from her underboob to her nipple in a spiral shape.
Her body is defiled by the aphrodisiac on it, and their tongues crawl across her body to taste it. She feels sweet pleasure from it.
Mistiora "Nahhhh... nah, nghhhhhhh...! Ahhh!"
Mistiora (Being licked by this many adults is like when I was fucked by those tentacles...)
The men's entranced faces are absolutely disgusting.
Moreover, their excited voices and expressions are out of balance with the relaxed way they lick her.
The man pressing his face against her armpit twitches his nose as he runs his tongue along her pit.
Guest C "Hahhhhh, her armpit is smooth! It's amazing...!"
Having her armpit licked carefully causes her immense pleasure to spread.
Mistiora "Hyah, it's... nghhh! Nghhh...!"
Mistiora's body twists from the sublime sexual sensation and the ticklishness.
Guest C "It's so smooth...! It feels sublime on my tongue! This is the greatest armpit of any woman!"
He licks around her armpit as he talks to the other men around him with a satisfied expression on his face.
The man licking her sides moves his tongue to her belly button.
Mistiora "Hyahhh, w-where are you licking!? Hnn...!? Kfff... hahh, ah, augh...!"
Mistiora's body bounces from the sudden licking to the place where her skin is the thinnest.
The fruit around her gives off a fresh scent as the plate clatters.
Guest D "Hey, have I precum a little too much? But this sweat and honey are..."
He is taking small licks like a cat lapping at some water.
Pleasure begins to spread from her belly button because of the aphrodisiac even though she is bewildered at the slightly painful sensation.
Mistiora (Khh... Am I going to keep getting played with like this...!?)
Mistiora keeps as calm an expression as she can imagine on her face even though she's gotten aroused.
Mistiora "Hnn... I see... This evening we will do this... Hnnn, hahhh, ngh... You can do whatever you like... Uh, uhh..."
But she hates herself for getting wet over this pleasure.
Warm juices run down from her closed slit and pool on the plate. A puddle forms below her ass.
Their voices and movements get more extreme because of the aphrodisiac in the honey that they've licked up.
Guest C "The faint taste of her armpit sweat in this honey is amazing! Her arm is so toned!"
Guest D "Her belly button is what is amazing! While she's toned, she isn't too toned and her belly is soft! I would never get sick of running my tongue along it!"
Guest D "Her toes are truly sublime! Every time I lick them, they shrink back! It's so cute! I'm getting addicted to licking these cute toes!"
The men press their tongues on her and move them in circles.
Their tongues feel sticky from the honey, but they're also getting hotter from their excitement.
Mistiora is stimulated by the unpredictable licks in all directions.
Mistiora "Khh... nah, ahhhhhh... uhhhhhh...! Hahh, hahhh... ahhhh...!"
The tongue licking her armpit moves up to her collarbone.
Another man starts to lick her jawline.
Licking sounds can be heard coming from all over her body.
The scent of ripe fruits and the intense one coming from Mistiora mix with that of the aphrodisiac honey, filling the room.
Mistiora (They've already licked up... all of the aphrodisiac... This is bad... If this keeps up, they're going to make me cum with just their tongues...!)
The reality that as a well-trained whore she could be made to orgasm without doing anything herself... makes her feel uncomfortable.
But her body is affected by the aphrodisiac and has gone numb with heat. The men sucking on every inch of it has left her unable to move to actively pleasure them.
Mistiora "Wait... Next, I will... Ahhhhhh!"
A man breathing roughly licks the side of her belly.
More than the sensation of his hot tongue, the rough breathing brings her hot skin a strange sensation, causing her pussy to twitch.
Mistiora "Nghhh, nghhhh... nahhh, hahhh...!"
A tongue slides across her shuddering thighs, but it completely ignores her slit and the erect clit above it.
Her arousal increases in the face of the tongues licking her sides, toes, armpits, and breasts. Her body is approaching its limit.
The men seem to be aware of this as well. They slowly continue to enjoy the flavor of Mistiora's body.
Mistiora (Kfff, uhhhh... If this keeps up, I'm going to cum easily... But no matter how much aphrodisiac has been used, I cannot give in this easily...!)
Mistiora shakes her head to reject the oncoming orgasm.
A tongue licks at her dainty neck, another runs up her arm from her armpit, and yet another tickles her between her ribs.
The space between her groin and her abdomen is licked by another tongue. Her thighs are licked by yet another while a different man sucks on her toes.
The tongues are so persistent.
Mistiora "Nghhhhh! Hahhh, hahhhhhhh...!! Stop! Hnn! I get it already... Nahhhh...! Ahhh...!"
Her spine bends greatly. Her abdomen and all of her muscles are filled with strength.
Her burning labia twitch, and juices spray from her vulva.
Mistiora "Hahhhh, nahhh, hahhhh... hnnn!! T-That's enough already, right? You should have enjoyed licking my body enough... Hnnn!?"
Mistiora tries to urge the men to stop.
But as soon as she does, her untouched slit is suddenly licked.
Mistiora "Hanghhhhhh! Ahhhhh, I'm going to cum...! Hahhhh, ahhhhh! I'm going to cum!!"
The overwhelming pleasure pushes Mistiora closer to orgasm like her nerves are being directly licked.
Her brown limbs writhe from her orgasm. The men continue to lick at her body.
Mistiora "Hanghhh! Ahhhh, ahhhh! Ahhhhhhhh!!"
Her pussy trembles just from being licked once, and transparent juices gush out of there.
The fruits on the table are knocked away and juices are sent all over the wide table.
Even more intense pleasure suddenly hits her.
Mistiora "Hyanghhhh!? Nghhhhhh!!"
Juices continue to gush from her crotch at the sweet sensation.
The men move their tongues all the faster, scraping up the honey covering her vulva.
The stimulation to her hitherto neglected genitalia... is especially intense after she orgasms.
Mistiora "W-What...? Hanghhhh! Khnghhhhh! W-Wait! I've just cum now, though!"
Mistiora moans suddenly as her dainty spine bends, and her head shakes.
The man with his head buried in her crotch laps at her like a dog. She licks all over his whole body.
Guest E "Mm... You're not a virgin, but you taste just like one...! It's truly delicious...!"
The climactic heat isn't pulled from her abdomen, and her sensitive slit is licked mercilessly after her orgasm.
Her entire body is hot, and the heat settles in her womb.
Mistiora "Hahhhh, hnghhhhhh! After I came so strongly, the stimulation is too powerful... Kffff! Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"
He continues to lick her crotch without a care for Mistiora's writhing.
His large tongue sticks to her slit as it moves all around.
In that state, his enthusiasm for wanting to lick her is conveyed.
Guest C "Haha, you really like her orgasming pussy!"
Guest E "Yes, her drenched pussy after orgasming is amazing. Everybody made her cum so quickly, so just waiting for her makes her hurt!"
While letting out her discontent, she feels there is humor to it and is able to enjoy the interaction somewhat.
When she looks at her crotch, she can see that his cock is bulging underneath his clothes along with all the other men.
Despite that, far from anybody asking for sex, they just lick her body without even asking for handjobs or blowjobs.
Mistiora (W-What...? Why are they still licking me!? Why are they not trying to fuck me...!?)
Guest A "Well, we will also continue to enjoy her..."
Guest B "That's right. The banquet has only just started."
The men bring their tongues to her again and press their lips against her.
Their lips are wet with saliva and feel like a slug. They suck on every inch of her skin.
Mistiora "No... Hnghhhhhh!? Hanghhh!"
The stimulation is much stronger than being licked.
Their mouths suck on her like an octopus's suckers. Occasionally, they graze her with her teeth as they continue to enjoy Mistiora's flavor.
Guest B "Hnghhhh, her big toe! All of her flavor is concentrated in her big toe!"
He sucks on her big toe while moving his tongue around it.
Even though she shouldn't feel pleasure there normally, the aphrodisiac and post-orgasm sensation add onto one another, and her big toe feels just like her clit would normally.
Mistiora "Nghhh... hahhh, anghhhhh! Nghhh! St-Stop! Let me take a little break... Khhh... hyanghhhh..."
The man sucking on her armpit touches his teeth to you.
The sharp sensation is different from tongues and lips. It brings her a sweet pleasure mixed with pain.
Mistiora "Ahhhh! Ah, ahhh, that's----! Augh!"
Guest C "Hahhh, you can taste her skin better if you bite it gently!"
Another man also joins in. He lightly bites Mistiora's skin so as to not leave a mark.
The pleasure rushing through her whole body grows stronger at the lightly painful stimulation. Mistiora's voice is panicked.
Mistiora "Hnn... Stop! D-Don't bite...! Nghhhh, I'm telling you to stop! C-Can't, nahhh, y-you hear my words, anghhh!?"
She unintentionally moans even though she's trying to tell them to stop.
Guest D "Hahhh! I can taste her sweat in it...! No matter how much I lick it remains sweet!"
Lips press firmly against her belly button as though kissing it. He moves them in circular motions.
Mistiora "Hhh, hahhhh... hyah, stop! Not my belly button...! When you lick there... Mmmm...!"
The sensation is difficult to imagine. Drool runs down the corner of Mistiora's mouth due to the pleasure she feels in her belly.
Her toes, thighs, sides, breasts, neck, and cheeks are all played with through their lips, tongues, and teeth.
Mistiora "Nah, ahhhhh! Hyah, hahhhh! Ah, ahhhhhh...! You can't suck like that... ahhhhh!? Not the teeth...!"
Her naked body twists on top of the plate.
Lips suck on her boobs, and her soft breasts are dug into.
Even though her nipples are not being sucked, the numb pleasure concentrates in them.
Mistiora "Hahhhhh, hahhhhhh! Hyah, stop! I'm cumming again... I'm cumming again!"
His teeth dig into her breasts as he sucks them.
His teeth are digging into her flesh, but he isn't biting. The thrilling pleasure runs from her breasts to her belly.
Mistiora "Nahhhhh! Hahhh, hahhhh! Stop it already... Ghhh...!"
She feels like her next orgasm is going to be a little bigger than the last. Mistiora unintentionally prepares herself for it.
The movement of his lips and the movement of his tongue are at a steady pace on her vulva.
Mistiora "Ngh!? Kyanghhh!? Nghhhhhhh!!"
Her whole slit is sucked on by his wide-open mouth.
His upper and lower lips along with his tongue adhere to her pussy, and it feels like she's being attacked by three tongues.
Mistiora "Ahhhhhhh, no, not that! I'm cumming, nghhhhh!"
Mistiora "Nahhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhh, ahhhhhhhh!!"
Mistiora is already being pushed to orgasm.
It is much bigger than the earlier orgasm. The burning heat rushes around her body, wet with saliva.
Mistiora (It's been so one-sided of stimulation toward me... Nahhhhhhhh, I-I can't endure it...!)
Her slit trembles underneath a man's lips, and a lot of juices erupt at his hot tongue.
He slurps up her juices with a look of satisfaction on his face.
Guest E "Ngh! There is a slight amount of bitterness inside the acidity...! The stinging sensation feels all the more delicious! Sckkkkkkkkkkkk!!"
Mistiora "Uhhhhh, khnghhhhh! Aughhhhh... ah, don't suck! It's quite effective on my orgasming cunt! Uhhhh!"
Mistiora's hair shakes about and writhes at the pleasure of having her crotched sucked while she orgasms. The vulgar sounds echo through the room.
More fruits fall to the floor due to her writhing.
But the men's tongues don't slow in licking her whole body.
Guest C "Ngh... Her armpits taste all the better when she orgasms! No matter how drenched in my spit they get, the taste of her armpit sweat is still sublime!"
Guest B "I cannot bear how amazing her toes are! They wiggle slightly from her orgasm... Hnn! Ahhh, no matter how much I lick, I can't get enough!"
Guest D "I can tell her abdomen is getting hotter with my tongue! Ahhh, it's under my uterus! Sckkk, sckkkk!"
They continue to devour her body, never satiated.
Mistiora (H-How long are they going to keep licking me...!? Even though I'm cumming... because of their tongues, they won't stop cumming...!)
Mistiora's body stretches out again, juices shooting from her.
A man slurps up the juices coming from her crotch to his heart's content.
Mistiora "Hahhhhh, hanghhhhhh!"
The air touches her engorged vulva for the first time in a long time because she's been sucked on too much, and Mistiora takes a breath.
But when another man presses his mouth to her crotch right away, he sucks on her erect clit.
Mistiora "Nghhh, nghhhhh...! I-I'm cumming...!"
A light orgasm is brought to her just from his hot mouth on her clit.
He licks her clit aggressively as her lower body trembles.
Having her most sensitive bits licked causes an electric jolt of pleasure to rush from her crotch to her head before shooting through her entire body.
Guest E "Ohhhhh, your erect clit feels nice on my tongue! I can lick it, and I can suck it! I can even give it a little nibble! Mmm, mm, mmmm!"
Mistiora "I-I'm cumming... Aughhhhh! Nahhhhh, aghhhh, aughhhhhh, I'm cumming!"
The stimulation from the men's tongue and the pleasure spreading from her clit mix together and amplify one another.
Mistiora (Stop! Stop! This feels too incredible!!)
She feels heat melting her entire body. She feels like a mound of sugar being melted by their tongues.
She feels like she's been completely eaten.
The man licking at her crotch wraps his tongue around her bright red clit as he flicks his tongue below it.
Mistiora "Hyahhhh, no, I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Wait... You're making my clit cum too much... Augh, aughhhh!"
Each time he moves his tongue up and down, she is hit with a light orgasmic wave.
Her womb aches as a tongue licks above it. The heavy heat spins like a whirl on her entire abdomen.
Because of her many years of experience, her empty pussy tries to squeeze at something.
Mistiora (Ahhhhh, I've cum too much. My empty cunt is so wet... The juices just won't stop...!)
Guest E "Ohhh, my clit is getting bigger again! I'd expect nothing less from the Legendary Whore! She knows how to please her customers even with her clit! Ngh, mm, muah!"
He sucks on her clit and lightly nibbles on it.
In that instant, intense pleasure explodes like pure white before her eyes. Mistiora moans wildly.
Mistiora "Hhhh, nghhhh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming... Khhhhh, hghhhhhh...!!"
Her next orgasm is deeper and more intense. Her hole contracts and juices gush from it.
But juices shower his mouth as he continues to nibble on her clit without a care.
Mistiora "Hhhhh! Ghhhhh, you're going hard on my clit! Aughhhh, you're biting it, ohhhh!"
She feels orgasmic pleasure in her pussy with each nibble. The aching of her pussy steadily gets stronger and stronger.
The tongue on her thighs and the tongue on her belly button further excite her skin.
Mistiora (Ghhh... I-If it was normal... no, it's squeezing despite that...!)
Mistiora's hot eyes look to his lower abdomen.
Their clothes are stained with precum now.
The scent of the men won't stop raising her sexual excitement.
Mistiora (Uhhhh, I want it... Those thick cocks... No, it's not that... I just want to fulfill my duty so that this time will end... I have to make them orgasm...!)
As a dark elf, and as the Legendary Whore, she looks to the men as she tries to preserve her pride.
Mistiora "It's unfair... You're all just tasting me... Won't you let me, ah, taste your super thick cocks...?"
She opens her own legs slightly, begging in a pleased voice.
If they were ordinary men, that alone would make them lose their minds.
The men move their tongues slowly and seem to lend an ear to Mistiora's voice.
Mistiora "That's enough teasing... Haven't you licked up all the aphrodisiac...? Angh, cut it out already. Won't you let me taste your cock...?"
Each time she moves his tongue, her pussy twitches, and she wants cock more.
But contrary to her expectations, the men don't fuck Mistiora.
Mistiora (Why won't they give me some cock! Ahhh, my empty cunt is aching... No, that's different... I just want to make them cum as a whore... I want their jizz in my cunt...)
Mistiora looks at the men's crotches with alluring eyes as she twists her body impatiently.
Mistiora "Hey... don't you want to pour your extra thick semen into me? Won't you fill up this nice cunt...?"
The men don't remove their clothes at her flirtatious words. Rather they just laugh.
Guest C "Hahahaha, what don't you understand? Your job is to feel pleasure from our tongues. What are you doing talking about cocks...?"
Guest A "That is something best left to those of lower classes. Savoring a girl's body with one's tongue is the greatest! Anyhow, our tongues are much more sensitive than our cocks!"
Mistiora "Hyah...! You can't be serious...!?"
Her pussy contracts in shock at their unexpected response, and hot juices leak from her.
Guest A "Your skin, sweat, pussy juices... even her drool, tears, and snot, we'll taste it all. Please have fun being tasted without taking a cock!"
Mistiora "W-Wait... Hahhh, hahhhhhhhh...!"
Their tongues move rapidly again.
Their wet tongues lick all around her body as she orgasms again and again.
Her ears, cheeks, neck, collarbone, armpits, breasts, sides, bellybutton, abdomen, thighs, knees, toes... and pussy are all being licked.
They even lick places that Mistiora can't see. The men have no interest in sex, but they lick every last inch of Mistiora's body.
Mistiora "Augh, hahhhh! Hyahhhh, hhh, hhhhhh! No, give me your cock! I don't want your tongues!"
Waves of undulating pleasure play with Mistiora's body.
The erections she could see through the men's clothes earlier hunger all the more for Mistiora.
Her pussy aches as her thighs are licked, her womb aches as her belly button is licked, and her juices won't stop.
Mistiora's lips tremble shamefully as her eyes stare at their crotches.
Mistiora "Cock! Cock... Why won't you put it in my cunt even though it's right there...!? Just put one of those thicks cock inside of me...!"
The mouth slurping up her pussy's juices pulls away.
Mistiora "Hahhhhhh! H-Have you finally decided to fuck me!? Stick your dick in my cunt... Hnnn!?"
Mistiora's words are cut off at the unexpected stimulation.
The man's mouth moves below her pussy... to her anus.
Mistiora "Hhhh! W-What!? D-Don't do that... That's the wrong hole!! Stick your cock into my cunt quickly... Hahhhhhh...!!"
His tongue is burning with heat from the aphrodisiac. It licks all around her anus.
He moves his tongue to wipe away the juices that have made her pink anus wet.
Guest E "Mm! This is what the Black Harlot's asshole tastes like! I can feel her sphincter pulsate more than her cunt, mm! It makes me want to lick it more and more!"
Mistiora "Stop! Stop! Stop! Nyah... What are you saying!?"
Mistiora can't help but scream out at the unthinkable idea that the hole she shits from is being licked as well.
Mistiora "That's enough licking already... Cut it out and give me your cock... Nghhhh!? Sckkkkkkk!?"
Another man suddenly starts sucking on Mistiora's mouth.
Mistiora "Gmmmm! Hghhhhh, hyahhhhhh...!"
Mistiora's nice lips are pressed upon firmly. And the man's thick lick stick to them and rub against them.
His wet tongue pushed through her lips, licking around the inside of her mouth and tongue.
More than a french kiss, the movements are like he's sucking up her saliva, but it causes a mind-melting pleasure to spread through Mistiora's body.
Mistiora (Khh, I can't stop kissing... His hot tongue is moving around inside my mouth. I-It's like he's directly licking my brain...!)
Mistiora's eyes flicker open and closed as even the inside of her mouth is licked, then the man pulls his mouth away and speaks satisfied.
Guest F "A dark elf's spit has an incredible flavor! Perhaps because she's cum so many times, it really has the flavor of a bitch in heat!"
Mistiora "Hnn... Shut up... Don't talk about me that way... Muah!? Mghhhh... slllrrrrrp, sllllrrrrrp! Mfff, hahhhhhh!!"
The aggressive tongue movements and sucking movements are too much, enticing her to further hunger for Mistiora's arousal and his cock.
Her ignored pussy puckers open and closed, dripping with juices.
Mistiora (T-This teasing is constant! Ahhh, I want your cock... Anybody would be fine, so somebody just fill my cunt!)
Mistiora writhes from frustration and her difficulty breathing because her mouth is covered. All the while the licking of her anus gets more serious.
Now coated with his spit, he sticks his tongue into her anus.
Her lower body is drained of strength at the strange sensation of having her anus opened from the outside.
Mistiora "Hahhhh, hahh... mhghhh, mghhhh, muah! Sckkkkkk... nah, kffff!"
The tip of his tongue tickles the wrinkles around her anus as he slides it once again into her.
Her body is steadily drained of strength. The pleasure of having her entire body licked seems to deepen.
Mistiora (Ahhhh, I can't believe I'm feeling like this from having my asshole licked... Am I going to cum once again without taking a dick? Are these perverts going to make me cum...!?)
Her bewilderment turned to irritation which turned to rage and now finally to acceptance. The feeling of denying her pleasure and orgasms slowly weakens.
Her earholes, armpits, and sides continue to be licked. That alone is not enough to make her cum, but the waves of pleasure from there still continue.
She then hears the man licking her breasts laugh.
Guest A "Hahaha... Then, shall I go for here now!? Yeah, it's time to see what kind of sensation these insanely hard nipples feel!? Mm!"
Mistiora "Hnn...! Nghhhh! Nghhhh, hahhh! Hahhh, my nipples, hmmm, mghhh, mghhhh!"
They suck her reddened nipples into her mouth. He nibbles on them with his wet lips as he licks them.
Her erect nipples are sucked. The sensation of goosebumps on her burning abdomen starts to go away.
Mistiora (Hahhhh, hahhh... That's enough already... Their tongues are going to make me cum... I want a cock, though...!!)
The hot-as-magma pleasure whirls around her. She feels like she's falling into the center of it.
The instant she thinks that she's already cumming, a man bites the tip of her nipples, and the sharp stimulation pushes Mistiora to orgasm in an instant.
Mistiora "Ngh... nghhhhhhhh...! Nghhhhh!! Mghhhh, mghhh... nghhhh, nghhhhhh!!"
Pleasure explodes from everywhere that she's being licked, attacking her body all at once.
At the same time as she climaxes, her spit is once again aggressively slurped up.
Her consciousness gets hazy from the intense orgasm and oxygen deprivation. She is already powerless and can only take on the pleasure.
Mistiora (I'm cumming! I'm cumming from being licked all over! I'm cumming over and over again due to human tongues!!)
A tongue penetrates her constricting anus vigorously. It licks up her sweat, the honey, and her other bodily fluids.
Each time she is penetrated, the pleasure gets stronger, and Mistiora once again has another orgasm.
Mistiora "Mghhhhhhhhh!! Unghhhh, hahhhh! Hahh, pahhhhhhh... I'm cumming! You're making me cum by licking my anus!!"
She is now orgasming very easily.
Her body has gotten hot from the successive orgasms, and it is emitting more sexual scents, enticing the hunger of the men.
Guest B "Ahhhh, the more she orgasms, the more she sweats. The sweat that's built up between her toes has an even richer flavor! It's truly amazing!"
Guest A "Her nipples too! The sweetness is like she's really lactating! I must taste these nipples more...!"
He sticks the nipple into his mouth, sucking and licking the tips of her nipples more aggressively.
Mistiora "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!! I'm cumming! I'm still cumming... I don't want this! I want to cum from my cunt... Give me your cock... Muah! Nghhhhhh!"
Her multiple orgasms still haven't finished. In that state, a big orgasm is pushed onto her from the continuing pleasure being pushed into her body.
Her body spasms on top of the plate from her repeated orgasms.
Mistiora (T-They're still making me cum... without a cock... Next time I want to cum with a cock! I want to cum from being fucked in the cunt with a cock!)
Her whole body is coated in smelly saliva. The men's lips and tongues run over her body, occasionally giving her a nibble.
Her belly button and earholes have hot tongues inside of them. It's like every hole in her body is getting fucked by a tongue.
The movement of the tongue licking her anus gets more powerful, and slight vibrations from it go to her pussy, making her breathing grow rougher due to her hunger for cock.
Mistiora (Cock! I hate cumming without having a cock shoved inside of me!)
Tremendous pleasure explodes deep inside her body, consuming her entire body.
Mistiora reaches a large orgasm because she can't scream due to having her mouth sucked.
Mistiora "Mghhhhhhhh! Nghhhh!? Bahhh, nghhhh! Sckkkkkk, muah, bghhhhh... hnnn!!"
Her head goes blank, her mind fading further away inside of the burning heat.
Her entire body spasms greatly to push away the men's tongues. Her spine arches powerfully.
Mistiora "Mmmmm! Nghhh, hmmm, sckkk... hnnn, mghhhh! Hnnn, ngh, nghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Mistiora's eyes open wide and sucks harder on her tongue in the midst of her orgasm.
She feels like she's going somewhere.
Tears start to fall from Mistiora's eyes as she continues to scream at the intense orgasm.
Her body trembles greatly until the very end, and she communicates that her orgasm has ended.
Mistiora "Pahhhh, hahh, hahhh, uh... ah, ahhh?"
The man with his lips on her mouth finally lets go. She moans in bewilderment.
Her crotch is drenched in spit and its own juices from having been licked so thoroughly. Urine erupts forcefully from her crotch.
Mistiora "Nahhhh, ahhh... I-I pissed... hnn! I-It won't stop... Uhhh, the strength in my body..."
Mistiora is filled with shame. She tries to put strength into her crotch to stop herself, but because of her orgasm or because of the release of urinating, she can't put enough strength into her crotch.
The yellowish fluid won't stop. It plops onto the table.
Guest C "Ohhh, this is incredible! I can't believe she pissed so quickly! She certainly is the Legendary Whore!"
Guest E "It isn't time to talk. You have to take it quickly!"
Mistiora "Hahhh, nghhh, ahhh... What...!?"
Mistiora looks away not wanting to see her own improperness. She can't believe the action that the men are taking.
Mistiora "W-What are you doing...!? Stop! Don't fill a glass with it... This can't be!?"
Guest A "Ohhhh, it has such a good color and scent! I want to lick it up right away!"
Guest B "As I thought, this is the best! Just feeling the warmth from the glass gives me a thrill!"
The men push a glass to Mistiora's crotch, taking the urine erupting from her.
The hot, yellowish fluid fills a transparent glass. It's warm enough that steam rises off of it.
Mistiora "Ohhhhhh, this has to stop, though! I-I can't stop it! Ahhhhh, even though it feels so terrible, I... I...!!"
The sensation of her urination mixed with the lingering sensation of her orgasm, and her pleasure is clear.
Mistiora's sphincter tightens without her having any ability to deny it. Instead of stopping her urination, everything that's built up inside of her bladder erupted forcefully.
Mistiora "Hahh, hahhh... ngh, kffff... hahh, hahh, ahhhh... hnn..."
She's absolutely exhausted and completely played with. Mistiora is filled with the pleasure of having relieved herself. Her eyes are wet with tears as she looks up at the men.
The men tilt their glasses and swish the contents around in their mouths like a fine wine, pleased smiles on their faces.
Guest A "Ngh... hahhh... I can't believe how smoothly it runs down my throat."
Guest D "No, the sweetness of her pussy juice mixed with the bitterness of her urine is the greatest flavor inside of even her mouth!"
Mistiora "Hahhh, hffff... Don't drink my urine... Hnn, hahhh, uhhh, w-won't you stop...?"
That doesn't mean that she's feeling something directly in her own body.
But the shame of having her own piss tasted by those before her is enough to make her want to cry, and she trembles on top of her plate.
Guest C "Knghhh... The female scent is powerful, and the flavor is really strong! Ngh... Moreover, mm, the flavor is incredible!"
Mistiora "Hyah, uh... Even though I told you not to drink my urine..."
Mistiora's body gets hotter from the shame, and her heart beats even faster.
Her pussy aches powerfully from deep inside as she is between big orgasms.
She looks at the even more erect cocks of the men that drank her urine, and she can no longer wait.
Finally, Mistiora shows off her wide-open pussy as her ass, coated in juices and urine, twists.
Mistiora "If you enjoyed my urine, you're satisfied, right? Will you stick your cock in my cunt...!"
Mistiora "Nahhhhh... stick your dick into me quickly. Anybody...!"
The men smile down at her as she twists her body shamelessly while drool drips from her mouth.
Guest F "What are you saying? We're just getting started."
Guest A "I heard that we have you all night long. Then, shall we open this banquet up to everybody!?"
When the men place down their glasses, they put their urine-smelling mouths and tongues to Mistiora's whole body again.
Mistiora "What...? Stop it already...! Mghhhh, mgbffff, hnghhhhhhh!!"
She screams, and her mouth is covered. Mistiora once again drops into an irritating pleasure.
............
......
...
#21_app01
The Service Nation won their war with the Holy Alliance. Derek has started training the former heads of state in the arts of being a whore.
None of them were easy to deal with, but their bodies and minds have slowly been eaten away by pleasure.
On that day...
Ladomira "Hey, Derek. Haven't you felt bored recently?"
After summoning Derek, Ladomira has a bored look on her face.
There are men forced to cum to their limits lying on the floor under Ladomira's feet.
Derek "How about I procure you new men?"
Ladomira "Yes..."
Ladomira doesn't seem enthused about Derek's proposition.
He is happy that she hasn't ordered him to fuck her, but she is only disinterested in all of the suggestions he makes.
Derek "You seem exhausted. Why don't you relax in a bath of semen?"
Ladomira "A semen bath!"
Ladomira's face gleams as though her languid behavior up until now is a lie.
Ladomira "I certainly haven't taken a dip recently. Good. Prepare it right away."
Derek "Understood."
Derek lowers his head respectfully and takes his leave.
Derek "That woman is the same as always."
Ladomira is devoted to her own desires. It's enough to make him laugh.
However, Derek is by no means inferior when it comes to being devoted to one's desires.
Derek's desires, however, aren't limited to sexual desires.
Derek "Well... a semen bath?"
It is necessary to gather enough cum to fill a bath so that Ladomira can immerse herself in it. Even several men can't do it.
He needs to get the cum from dozens if not hundreds of men.
Derek "It's the perfect opportunity to check how well-trained those girls are."
The beautiful women that supported the Holy Alliance.
If he uses their bodies, they should easily be able to gather the cum to fill a tub.
Derek "That is why I have tasked you to gather a lot of cum. Do your best."
Iris "Idiotic."
Iris snorts to say she doesn't agree with Derek's explanation, showing her dissatisfaction.
Dissatisfaction is clear on all of their faces. There are none that are carefree.
Derek "I don't care if you say that you don't like it. Whatever you can't do, somebody else will take your place."
Mel Mel "How can you say that right away again!"
Mel Mel suddenly yells out at Derek.
Kohaku and Astrid glare at Derek as well.
Their substitutes will be people close to the girls. They know that, so their responses are natural.
Even if they try to refuse, other girls will be forced into awful experiences because of their resistance. They can't resist it.
In the end, they can only do as Derek tells them to. Mistiora moves forward as each of the girls start to show their own state of acceptance on their faces.
Mistiora "I don't mind. It will be not much different than what I am forced to do every day."
Luka "I-I'll also do it if it is your command!"
Luka shouts out to emphasize her own appeal.
Derek nods to the two of them and looks back over the remaining faces.
Derek "How about you? If you push it onto those two, I don't care."
Kohaku "I can't do something so cowardly."
Derek "I see. Then, is there anybody else remaining?"
Iris "............"
The girls all resolve themselves and nod at Derek's question.
Mel Mel "Hahhh... Gathering cum...? I feel depressed even thinking about it."
Astrid "That's true, but we must do it."
Astrid words are said as though talking to herself while Mel Mel drops her shoulders.
Kohaku nods beside them, gesturing to the street.
Kohaku "We can at least choose our partners this time, though."
Mel Mel "Ah, right. I don't want to call out to them, but I'd rather not be forced to fuck somebody I don't like..."
Mel Mel raises her head and looks at the men passing on the street.
The girls were told by Derek that it would be more effective to gather cum with three girls on a single man.
Astrid "Hey, how about that man over there?"
Kohaku "Hmm... Isn't he good?"
Astrid points to a drunk man walking strangely.
He is middle-aged, but he is god a sort of good vibe.
Mel Mel "Alright... Let's do it."
Mel Mel is filled with determination and grips her fist.
Astrid, Kohaku, and Mel Mel all nod their heads.
Mel Mel "Hey, old man, are you looking for something?"
Drunk Man "Hmm? Old man, are you talking to me?"
Astrid "Yeah. Hey, if you've got some time, how about hanging out with us?"
Drunk Man "H-Hanging out...?"
Kohaku "Hahaha... You know what we're getting at, right?"
Kohaku and Astrid grab his arm from the left and the right, pressing their large, soft breasts against him.
His expression suddenly turns slovenly.
Drunk Man "Hehehe, what? You want me to do that?"
Mel Mel "That's right. We will show you a good time, so come this way, old man."
Mel Mel leads the man into the back alley with the other girls. His crotch is swelling with anticipation.
And...
#RP_kai_har_01
Kohaku "Kffff... This is considerably..."
Mel Mel "O-Old man, you've got a nice cock, huh...?"
Astrid "Hahahaha... Your erect cock is trembling... It's very thick."
The three of them are all focused on the man's exposed crotch.
They haven't done anything yet, but he seems excited over the situation, and his exposed cock is already rock-hard.
The reddish-black head of his cock and the veins on top of it twitch. The thick, musky scent coming off of it makes them feel like they're going to choke.
They feel nauseous as they bring their faces closer.
But they hide their feelings of displeasure and lay praise upon his cock.
Kohaku "This scent... hahhhh... Just smelling it makes my body hot..."
Astrid "I want to taste it right away. I'm so thirsty for it."
Mel Mel "When I'm shown something this incredible... my pussy aches... Lewd juices steadily drip from her."
Drunk Man "Hehe, hehehe... When I'm told that, I can't take it. Let's get started quickly."
He breaks into a smile, and his large rod swells greater.
The head of his cock seems about to ejaculate even though still nothing has been done.
The scent seems to grow thicker than one would expect.
Mel Mel "Uhhh, must I really lick his balls now? The smell is so strong, though!?"
Mel Mel complains quietly so that the man cannot hear her.
The scent coming off his crotch makes her think that he's returning from work. He also reeks of alcohol. Just smelling it makes her feel unwell.
It's not just the scent that is awful but the appearance too.
Mel Mel "These balls have curly hairs. It's gross. Ugh..."
Astrid "Shall I take over for you then? I'd definitely prefer that..."
Astrid's face is close to his anus as she says that.
The scent coming off of his darkened asshole is most assuredly shit. She cannot believe that he's ever washed it.
Astrid "Ohhh... ughhhhh..."
Astrid barfs slightly in her mouth.
Mel Mel "I-I'm sorry..."
Kohaku "There's no point in talking about where would be preferable now..."
Kohaku brings her face close to the head of his cock.
His dick stands tall, brimming with anticipation.
Precum drips quickly from the tip of his cock. Sticky transparent juices are wet on top of the head of his cock.
The ridge around the head of his dick is covered in smegma. The musk coming off of it is so unpleasant it can only be described as filthy.
Kohaku "This is certainly rough..."
She inadvertently grimaces, but Kohaku endures it desperately.
Drunk Man "Hahhhh... I don't understand why you're doing this all of a sudden, but I can't endure it."
He laughs unable to notice the displeasure from the three girls as his cock shakes even more.
Mel Mel "Ah... Incredible! Old man, your cock... is trembling amazingly. This... haha, show's your excitement."
She feels great fear at the degree his rod is trembling and forces out an unintended laugh as she talks.
Mel Mel "Old man, you're the same as me. Just looking at how energetic your cock is... Ngh, my womb is aching, you know?"
Mel Mel "You're making a lot of sperm in here right now, aren't you? Ngh... Hahhh, I want you to shower my face in your hot cum..."
She flirts with him as her body shakes slightly. It's a technique to please a well-experienced man.
Astrid smiles knowing the man can't see her and starts to speak alluringly.
Astrid "Really... the pheromones coming from your cock and asshole are too strong. Just getting a big whiff of it... snff, snff..."
Astrid "Hahh... I can't take it any longer. I want to lick your anus soon. I'll make your cute, tight anus swell from my work. Ngh, sckkk..."
She licks his anus in a fashion to make sure he can hear her.
When she does so, his asshole tightens in anticipation of what will come next, and his dick trembles all the more.
Kohaku "Hahaha, your cock has been trembling all this time, you know? I will bring you to the heights of pleasure in an instant."
Kohaku "Ahh... however, your cock is really thick and attractive. I'm really aware of your musk..."
Kohaku "Nahhh... hahhhhhh..."
She doesn't just talk about it. She rubs the tip of her nose lightly against his shaft.
The intense stench is enough to make her cry, but it makes his cock get hard from the pleasure.
Drunk Man "Oh, incredible...! It's like a dream."
Mel Mel "Hahahaha, it isn't a dream, so relax, okay? We'll prove to your cock that this is a reality now."
Mel Mel "I... will suck these huge balls filled with semen and make you feel good."
Astrid "I'll make your body unable to be satisfied by any normal blowjob. You'll get addicted to having your asshole licked."
Kohaku "Hahaha... You say that, but the main this is his cock. This rock-hard cock will melt in my mouth."
The three girls slowly extend their tongues to his scrotum, asshole, and dick as they talk in a manner to excite him, hiding their displeasure.
Mel Mel "Muah, nghhh, lckkk... hnnn, hahhh, ah, ahhhh! Your balls are just as d-delicious as I thought!"
Mel Mel runs her tongue along his scrotum.
She can feel his balls clench upward because her tongue is ticklish.
Mel Mel (Hhhhhhh!? The texture of his balls is disgusting!? The hairs are so disgusting...! It's okay for me to cry, right?)
It's much more disgusting than she had imagined.
A chill of horror runs up her spine. She gets goosebumps and screams out internally.
But she pushes those feelings down and desperately keeps her flirtatious smile on her face.
Mel Mel "Muah, lckkk, lckkk... haha, when I place my tongue on them, I can really feel how heavy they are! You're making semen in there right now, yeah...? Lckk, lckkk..."
Her words sound happy as she stimulates his scrotum with the tip of her tongue.
The tip of her tongue traces the shape of his testicles over the top of his skin. Sometimes she presses her lips against them and kisses them.
Astrid also begins to pleasure him as though saying that she won't lose to Mel Mel's desperate efforts.
Astrid "Lckk... hnnnn, hnnn... muah, lckkk, lckkk... hnnn... Hahaha, just licking your asshole a little is making it squeeze tightly... Hahaha..."
While enduring the twitching in her tongue, she moves the tip around his anus. She licks his asshole in this circular motion.
His whole body trembles as his anus tightens even harder.
Astrid "There's no need to feel embarrassed, you know? Well, I'll make your body feel more pleasure... Ngh, lckk, lckkk, lckkk..."
Astrid (Ugh! What's this!? I'm really going to have to lick this...! The flavor and scent are permeating not just my mouth but my head as well...)
Her tongue continues to squirm in order to coat his anus in her saliva. The bitter taste on the tip of her tongue is really awful. The scent of shit stabs into her nostrils at the same time.
The scent is too strong. She really feels like she's going to puke just from smelling it.
Astrid (It's the worst... It's really the worst... It's like... I...)
She feels like she herself is getting corrupted.
Kohaku "Ngh, nghh, muah... Hahahaha, there's a bit of filth here... Lckkk, lckkk, lckkk... mm, I'll melt it away with my tongue and drool... Sckkkk..."
Mel Mel and Astrid are both trying their best. Kohaku also moves her tongue thinking of those two.
Kohaku (Kfffff... hnn! The rotting taste and scent... His precum won't stop... Uhhhh... The flavor is mixed around inside of her mouth... Pah...)
She scoops up the smegma with the tip of her tongue. She tastes a numbing bitterness from it.
She starts to cry from the intense feeling of nausea.
Kohaku "Haha... I will clean it thoroughly... Sckkkk... sckkkkk! Sckkkkk!"
But she doesn't stop cleaning up the smegma. It's not just licking, she also slurps on his cock occasionally with his lips.
Mel Mel "Hahaha... muah, muah, lckkk... Hey, do you like my ball-sucking? You like it, right? Your balls are twitching."
Mel Mel "I'll lick them up! But before that, muah, muah, sckkkk... Hahaha, I'll feel pleasure! Muah, sckkkk, muah..."
The movement of her tongue synchronizes with the other two.
She gently sucks on his balls sometimes while she stimulates every wrinkle on his scrotum with her tongue.
Mel Mel "Sckkkkkk... sckkkkkkk... nghhhhh... Make it... Please shoot a lot of cum at us! Slllrrrrrp... sckkkkkkkkk..."
She sucks up with no care at the vulgar sounds that she's making. He shakes his hips and moans.
Drunk Man "Hahhhhhh... Incredible! That's incredible!"
The testicles inside of his sack are moved up and down as though to convey his joy not through just his words but his balls as well.
Mel Mel (The disgusting taste is so thick... Ughhh... Hairs from them are in my mouth... It's too disgusting. But... I have to swallow... them...)
Mel Mel "Muah... ngh, ngh... sckkkkk..."
She is disgusted by the curly hairs she can feel in her mouth. She endures the misery and swallows it.
Astrid "You're responding quite a lot. So... you can speak honestly without being embarrassed. My rimjob is already becoming a fetish for you, right?"
Astrid "Your anus is squeezing so tightly... Lckkk, lckkkk, lckkkk... hnn... Hahaha, I know from the shaking of your butt even if you don't urge me to do it more."
Astrid "It's like the thin tip of my tongue is going right into your hole... It's like you can't wait... Ngh, ngh, lckkk, lckkk, muah..."
She doesn't just lick around his anus. She can't leave it at just that.
The tip of her tongue sticks into her asshole.
Astrid (Ughhhh... It's so bitter... It's so gross... Hahhhhhh... This is really the worst...!)
The bitter taste is felt on the tip of her tongue. The scent gets more powerful because she has spread his hole open further with her tongue.
The foul stench is too terrible. It goes straight to her brain.
But she suppresses the disgust desperately and continues to pleasure her.
Astrid "Nahhhhhhh... I can... taste your ass... Slllrrrrp... sckkkk... This is amazing. Nghhh... lckkk? You're... also feeling pleasure, right?"
Astrid "Hey... it's incredibly... good... having your ass fucked with my tongue... slllrrrp... sllllrrrrrp... right?"
Astrid "Sllllrrrrp... sllllrrrrp! Slllrrrrrrrrp!"
His tongue moves in and out, rubbing the lining of his ass. She occasionally licks at the walls of his asshole.
It moves like she's scraping up the remaining bits of shit from his ass.
Astrid (It's filthy... and disgusting... But...)
Astrid "Hahhhhh... sckkkk, lckkkkk... kfffff... Your ass... is really delicious... Gyah... hgyah..."
She swallows the matter she licks up with her tongue in a deliberate fashion like Mel Mel did when swallowing his pubic hair.
He reacts to the deep touches of having his anus and balls sucked on. His penis grows larger. The head is even larger still.
Kohaku gazes at his reaction. Her face changes to that of a woman flirting with a man.
Kohaku "Muah, muah, muah... Haha, the ball-licking and anal pleasuring is the opening act. The main performance is going to happen now to this rock-hard cock."
Kohaku "Lckkk, lckkkk... hahaha, the more they lick, the harder your cock gets... I'll polish it clean... Muah, lckkk, lckkkk, lckkk, lckkkk..."
She licks the head of his cock like a popsicle.
She licks his reddish-black flesh over and over, running her tongue across his urethra from time to time. She stimulates it as she rubs it up and down.
Kohaku "Haha... Your precum is getting thicker again. Is it feeling that much better? Is it good having me prod at your urethra like this? Or..."
Kohaku "Sllllrrrrrrp... hnnn, sckkkkkk... hahhhh... do you like being sucked on like this? The feeling of having your juices sucked up is the best, right?"
She sucks while licking him. She swallows precum audibly down her throat.
Of course, it doesn't end with just stimulating the tip.
Kohaku "I will dye your... cock in my colors... lckkk! Lckkkkk! Muah, lckkkkk! Sckkkkk..."
The tip of her tongue traces around the head of his cock. She licks the frenulum and sometimes kisses it. She sucks on it like she was playing the flute.
Drunk Man "Oh, ohhhh! Three girls at the same time...!"
The man's whole body trembles.
The amount of precum dripping out of him is steadily increasing. Kohaku laps up the majority of it, but whatever she doesn't suck up drips down, wetting even his scrotum.
Mel Mel "Hahhh... There are so many juices dripping down... Muah, sckkk... sckkkkkkk..."
Mel Mel licks it up without hesitation and swallows it down.
Mel Mel "Hahhhh... It's incredibly delicious! Hahaha, we've only just started, but are you going to be okay from here given you're reacting like this now?"
Astrid "Yeah. The main event is going to start from here, so prepare yourself."
Kohaku "I will suck up every last drop of your cum until you're completely dry..."
Saliva and precum have made his cock soaking wet. The three girls stare at this cock and anus and smile. At the same time, their touching gets heavier.
Mel Mel "Mmmm, ngh, nghhhhh... kfff, ngh, ngh, nghhhhh... hnn..."
Mel Mel doesn't just nibble on his balls like earlier. She sticks them completely into her mouth. She sucks on them like they're hard candy, rolling her tongue over them.
Mel Mel (Hhhh, t-this is the worst! His balls are moving inside of my mouth!? Uhhhhhh, I'm going to bring this to an end quickly!)
It's so disgusting it gives her goosebumps, but she desperately endures it, sucking in her cheeks.
Mel Mel "Hhhh, hahhhh... muah, sckkkkk, muah! Sckkkkkkkk, sckkkkk! Hahhhh, sckkkk, ngh, sckkkkkkkkkk, sckkkkkkk!"
She moves her head back and forth, sucking on his balls like she were giving him a blow job and bringing a sense of continuous stimulation to them.
She pushes out her lips, making a vulgar expression.
Spit falls from her lips, wetting her chin.
But she doesn't stop.
Drunk Man "Oh, ohhhhh... It feels like my balls are melting."
Mel Mel "Haha... I'll... suck your balls thoroughly! Sllllrrrrp... muah! Sllllrrrrp..."
She continues to slurp forcefully on his balls while gazing at him fall deeper into pleasure.
Astrid "Muah...! Nah, hahh, nahhhh... hnn!"
Astrid (Khhhh...! I'm kissing this filthy man's asshole...! My lips and tongue feel like they're rotting! Ahhh, no more! Why am I doing this... hnn!?)
Astrid slurps on his shit hole as she desperately pushes down the fear welling up inside of her.
Astrid "Sckkkkkk! Nghhh, hahhh... nghhh, nghhh, nghhh, mmmm... hnnn! Hahh, hahh, sckkkk, muah, sckkk, ngh, lckkkk, lckkkk... hnnn!"
She keeps kissing his anus like it were her lover. She places her lips on top of his anus, kissing and slurping.
Astrid "More... I'll make your ass feel more pleasure... Nghhhhh! Sckkkk... sckkkkkkkkk..."
As she pushes her face into his trembling ass, she places her lips more firmly onto his asshole and sticks his tongue into her.
Kohaku puts the dick into her mouth, determined not to lose to Mel Mel and Astrid's efforts.
Kohaku "Mmmm... ngh, mmm, mghhh... hnn! Muah, muah, muah! Nghhhh, kfff, hahhh... sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkk... ngh, sckkkkkk!"
She sucks up his precum more forcefully.
She tightens her lips around his cock even more as she wraps her tongue around the head of his cock inside of her mouth.
Drunk Man "Ohhhhhhh!? If you do that to me... ahhhhh!?"
Kohaku "Mfffff... It's in my throat... Slllllrrrrrppp... sckkkk, sckkkkkk..."
She shakes her head and takes his dick deeper into her mouth.
Spit runs down his pole, getting his crotch wet.
Mel Mel "Muah, sckkkkkk...! Sckkkk, ngh... Your testicles are swelling, and your sack is getting tight. Hmm, mghhhh... ngh, muah, sckkkkkkkk!"
Astrid "Hahhhh, hahh... Good, you look like you're going to cum already, yeah? I'll make you cum by stimulating your asshole... Sckkkk, sckkkkk! Muah, sckkkk, sckkkkk!"
Kohaku "Mmm, muah, sckkkk... hnn! Hahhh, in the end, finish... on our faces! Mmm, mmm, mm, muah! Muah, sckkk, sckkk!"
The three of them pick up their speed, urging him to cum.
They slurp all over him, their lewd sounds getting louder and louder.
In time with those sounds, his cock trembles more and more.
Drunk Man "I-I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum!"
Mel Mel "Yes, yes! Sckkkkkk, sckkkkkk! Sckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!"
Astrid "Sckkkkkkkk! Muah, muah! Muah, sckkkkk, muah, sckkkkkkk!"
Kohaku "Mmm, ngh, ngh, nghhhhh! Pahhhh, ngh, sckkkk, sckkkkkkkkkkk!"
When his scrotum, asshole, and dick are sucked on at the same time, he moans pathetically while shaking his hips.
Drunk Man "Kahhhhhhh...! I'm cumming! I'm shooting my load!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Pahhhhhh! Ahhhh, ahhhhhhh! It's hot! Hot juices all over my face! Ahhhhhhhhhh!"
A tremendous amount of cum shoots from his rod. It splats all over Kohaku's face.
Her face is dyed white with a sheet of cum.
The dizzying stench envelops her. There is so much cum it makes her feel like she is sinking into an ocean of it. She feels her well-trained body burn with heat.
Astrid "More! Cum more! I'll stick it deeper into your ass...! Muah, sckkk! Lckkkk, lckkk, lckkk, lckkkkk!"
Mel Mel "Muah! Pahhh, nghhh! Your balls are twitching! You're giving us so much cum! Do your best! Mm, nghhh, sckkkk!"
Drunk Man "Augh!? I'm cumming again!!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Gshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Kohaku "Ohhhhhhhh! Each time Astrid and Mel Mel suck on your asshole and balls respectively, cum shoots from you! Ahhhhhh, me too... Me toooo!"
They continue to stimulate him to squeeze out every last drop from his cock, making him shoot out a huge amount of cum.
Kohaku "This is... too incredible! Ahhhhh... Shoot it all over my face... Nghhh! Just having them shot at me... ahhhhhh! Hahhhhh!!"
Her body isn't just burning. Her flesh has been trained with the memory of pleasure. Even though she's only been given a facial, she has a slight orgasm.
But of course, that doesn't mean it is over.
Kohaku "Muah, ngh, sckkk, lckkk, lckkkk... hahaha, that was quite the cum shot. It's sticking to my face... Ngh, sckkk, kaff... Mm, the flavor is... muah..."
She licks up the cum clinging to his cock with her tongue.
It is more like jelly than fluid. She sucks it up with her tongue and lips as she swallows it all down.
She cleans his cock. Cum drips off of her face as she does.
Kohaku "Sckkkkk... sckkkkk... mmmm..."
She licks it up and swallows it down.
Astrid "Nahhh... Right, cum is dangling from here too... Muah, sckkk, ngh, it's really delicious... haha..."
Mel Mel "But you still want to cum, right? Your balls still seem to have lots of enthusiasm. They're making a lot of cum! Lckkk, lckkkk, lckkk..."
Astrid and Mel Mel lick her anus and balls as they gaze at Kohaku.
The force is so aggressive that she can't call it cleaning.
Drunk Man "Uhhhh... hnn! Hey, wait. I just came now, so let me take a break..."
Astrid "Hahahaha... No! Muah, muah, muah! Mm, lckk, lckkkk... We have to gather a lot of cum today..."
Mel Mel "Do your best to cum until you're completely empty, okay!? How much cum can these balls make? Muah, sckkk, sckkk, ngh, lckkk..."
Drunk Man "Nghhhh, nghhh, nghhh! Ah, ahhh, that's... hnn..."
Astrid kisses his ass repeatedly. She shoves her tongue in, making it a truly deep kiss.
Mel Mel puts the balls in her mouth and slurps on them at the same time.
Drunk Man "Shit! This... is too much!"
He moans from the ever-increasing pleasure.
Kohaku "Hahaha, there's no need to hold back, you know? I don't care no matter whenever you cum..."
Kohaku opens her lips again while gazing at him.
Strings of cum drip down from her.
She is unashamedly vulgar as she once again places her lips on his cock.
Kohaku "Hbffff! Ngh, nghhhh... hnn, mffff! Ngh, muah, sckkk, sckkk, sckkkk, sckkkkk!"
Astrid "Muah! Muah, sckkkk, sckkkk! Ngh, ngh, lckkk, lckkk, lckkk, lckkk!"
Mel Mel "Mmm, aghhh, mmm, hmm! Ngh, muah, ngh, ngh... muah, sckkk, sckkkkk!"
The three of them lick and suck hard on all of his weak points.
Drunk Man "Ohhhhhh!? Hey, that's----!? If I'm sucked there... Kahhh, haghhhh, khhhhhh!?"
He writhes like a woman getting fucked.
His dick gets bigger and hotter because he has just cum.
Kohaku "Sckkkkk, sckkkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkk! Hnn... pahhh, hahhhh, it's pointless to endure, lckkk, lckkkk... ngh, sckkkkkk... hnnn, sckkkk, sckkkkkkkk!"
Kohaku takes the rod balls deep into her mouth and strokes them from base to tip inside of her mouth.
Kohaku "Don't hold back... More... Sllllrrrrp... sllllrrrrrp..."
Astrid "Ngh, mm, mmmm...! Hahh, ngh, ahhh... I'll stick my tongue deeper and deeper into your asshole! Muah, ngh, ngh, nahhh... ngh..."
Astrid sticks her tongue even deeper into his anus.
She pushes hard against the lining of his anus, powerfully undulating her tongue.
Mel Mel "Pahhhh, hahh, you look like, ngh, you're going to cum again! You're going to fire those loads being built in your balls, right!? Muah, bahhh, ngh, muah!"
Mel Mel sucks on his balls, and saliva fills her mouth. She drowns his scrotum in it and continues to slurp it.
Drunk Man "Nghhhhhh, nghhhhh, hnn, kahhhhh! There's no way I can endure this... Ahhhhh!?"
Mel Mel "Sckkkkkkk, sckkkkkk! Nghhhh, cum! Give me a lot of jizz! Sckkkkk, muah, muah, muah!"
She isn't just sucking. She also lightly nibbles on the balls in her mouth.
Astrid "Kohaku, ngh, told you that you don't need to endure, right? Muah, sckkkkk, nghhh, mmm, lckkkkk!"
Astrid is licking so deep into her anus. She presses her lips onto his anus and slurps up his anal fluids with no concern for the scent.
Kohaku "Muah, sckkkkkk! Give your seed to us... Muah, sckkkkk! Sckkkkkkkkkkk, sckkkkkkk!"
Kohaku presses her lips with crushing force onto her rod as she continues to suck on him with a vulgar look on her face.
To make him cum, the three girls synchronize their movements.
Drunk Man "No... ahhhh! Kahhhhhhhhh!"
His hips bounce wildly at the overly intense pleasure.
Splllllrrrrrrrt! Gshhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Kohaku "Nahhhhh, ahhhhhh! Good! Even though it's your second ejaculation, it's so forceful! Cum more and more!"
He begins to ejaculate again.
Given that he has already cum, an unthinkably large amount of cum is shot from his cock. It's very hot and thick.
Drunk Man "Kfffff, ah, ahhhhhh! I can't take it any longer!"
Spllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhh!")
He moans while continuing to cum.
It's like a geyser of jizz.
A tremendous amount of jizz rains down on Kohaku, Astrid, and Mel Mel.
Kohaku "Ohhhhhh, I can't take it...! When hot cum rains down on me, my chest pound... Hahhhhh!"
Astrid "Anghhhhh, incredible! Each time cum gushes from you, your asshole squeezes tight... Nahhhhhh!"
Mel Mel "This is getting to be something of a fetish! Sckkkk, ahhhh... I like sucking on your balls as you shoot your load! Mmmm, sckkkkk... mmmmmmmmmm!!"
The heat of the cum shot at them makes the three girls tremble with joy.
But...
Mel Mel "This... still isn't enough..."
Astrid "Err... More... More..."
Kohaku "Cum... Give us more... of your seed..."
They want more. They want to feel more of his cum to feel greater pleasure.
Without denying those thoughts...
Astrid "Muah, muah, muah, muah! Nahhh, hahh, muah, sckkkkk! Sckkkkk, lckkk, lckkkkkk!"
Mel Mel "Mmmmm! Nghhh, kffff... ngh, aghhhh, hbfffff, nghhhhhh! Mmmmmm, muah, sckkkk!"
They pleasure him without delay.
His ass is licked, and his scrotum is sucked.
Drunk Man "Ahhhh!? Ah, ahhh, hey!? Wait...!?"
Kohaku "Sckkkkk, muah, ngh, nghhhhh... hnnn! Nghhh, sckkkk, sckkkkkkkk, sckkkkkk, sckkkkkkkk!"
Grabbing his head from the sheer amount of pleasure, he asks them to stop, but they don't listen to anything he says.
Kohaku puts his cock back into her mouth and sucks on his cock.
Drunk Man "Wait! I can't take it any longer! I've already cum twice... Nahhhhh!? Ahhhhh, ahhhhhh!?"
Kohaku "Sckkkkkkkk! Nghhh, until your balls are empty, hahh... we will keep squeezing you dry, you know? Mmm, muah, bah, bpfff, sckkkk, sckkkkk!"
She sucks his cock deeper into her mouth without lending an ear to hear what he says.
Astrid "Hahhh, ngh, hahh... You're bad, you know? When I blend the semen into your asshole, I definitely won't be able to stop licking it, muah!"
Astrid presses her lips forcefully against his anus, sucking on it while moving her tongue in a circular motion. She swallows down his anal juices.
Mel Mel "Mgffff, ngh, ngh, muah! Nahhhh, your balls are still trying hard, yeah? Muah, muah, sckkkkkk!"
Mel Mel rolls his balls around, prodding them to make more cum. She swallows his pubic hair while continuing to lightly nibble on his scrotum.
Drunk Man "Ahhhhh, I can't take it any longer! I'm cumming!"
Kohaku "Bah, bah, sckkkk! Sckkkk, sckkkk, sckkkkk! Sckkkkkk, sckkkkkkkk!"
Astrid "Lckkkkk, sckkkkk, lckkkkk, sckkkkkk...! Muah, sckkkk, muah, lckkkkkkkkkk!"
Mel Mel "Sckkkkkkk! Muah, sckkkkk! Muah, sckkkkk, muah, sckkkkk!"
The three of them make vulgar sounds in unison. The orchestra is of lewd noises indicating the final blow is coming.
Drunk Man "Ahhhh... ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
His moans echo all around.
In an instant...
Man "Hnnnnnn! Nghhhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Gshhhhh! Gshhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
He once again cums.
It is his third load, but the amount of cum is the greatest up until now. The heat from it is the greatest it has been.
Mel Mel "Pahhhhh, nghhhhhh... hnnn! Your balls are twitching inside of my mouth. Ahhhh, you're cumming again. Muah, muah, sckkkk, sckkkkk!"
Astrid "Nghhhhhh! Mm, each time you cum, your ass is squeezing tightly! Ahhhh, I like squeezing around your tongue... Muah, ngh, nghhhhhhh..."
Kohaku "Hahhhhhh, good! Incredible! Our tongues are squeezing out every last drop of cum from you! Ahhhh, muah, lckkkk, lckkkkkk!"
The three of them continue to pleasure him as their bodies writhe from the cum shot onto them.
Kohaku sucks on his spasming and ejaculating rod, Astrid licks around his anus, and Mel Mel runs her tongue around his scrotum.
She continues to simulate his rod, laying more and more pleasure on him.
Drunk Man "It can't... be! Ahhh... cum... again! Again! Ahhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
He moans from the unendurable pleasure and cums...
Spllllrrrrrt! Gshhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Astrid "Muah, lckkkk, lckkkk... hahh, for now, shall we leave it at that?"
Mel Mel "Mm... muah, yeah, his balls have gotten all pitiful."
Kohaku "It is the third time in succession. He must be done. Sckkk, lckkk... ngh, lckkk, lckkkk..."
They lick up the cum clinging to his dick, scrotum, and ass as they speak.
He groans at the stimulation, and more cum drips from it.
Astrid "I thought something was off... but when I tried it, something unexpected happened."
Kohaku "Yeah, it was less of a burden than doing it alone..."
Mel Mel "Alright, let's gather up the jizz already! There seem to be a lot of guys who came wanting us to pleasure them!"
The three girls look up as they speak.
A line formed before she knew it.
The men smile at her, and their crotches swell.
Kohaku "Geez... Then, we need to take on much more men than usual as sexual partners."
Astrid "We should think of it as saving the time of calling out to them."
Mel Mel "For now, let this end quickly."
The three of them nod at each other. They open their mouths and lick their lips to seduce the men...
............
......
...
#21_app02
While Mel Mel, Astrid, and Kohaku are gathering jizz in the back alley...
...Luka and Mistiora are attracting the attention of men at a brothel on the main street.
#RP_kai_har_02
Mistiora "Well... you wanted to look here, right? I hope you look here."
Mistiora spreads her legs and exposes her crotch.
Moreover, it's not just her legs that are spread.
She grabs a pole connecting the floor and the ceiling and supports her body while shaking her shoulders and breasts.
She flaunts her crotch as she shakes her hips in a circular motion, bringing over more men.
Audience Member A "Good! Squishy boobs are the best!"
Audience Member B "Her pussy too! Push your pussy out to me more!"
Mistiora dances lewdly to entertain the waiting men.
Mistiora smiles at her vulgar onlookers while whispering.
Mistiora "Truly... men just keep coming..."
The men of this country and this era still look at Mistiora with the same eyes as in any other time or place.
Their lust is clear on their face.
But Mistiora hides a sigh under a smile and acts to meet their lustful desires.
Mistiora "Don't hurry. They save it's more fun if you savor it... Hahaha..."
She closes her crotch in a teasing fashion, hiding it from their gaze.
Spectators  "Ohhhhhhh!!"
The halls of the brothel burst into an uproar at her gestures that show her understanding of men's hearts.
Mistiora "Perhaps it is fortunate that the way to please a man never changes..."
She left the home of the dark elves and was imprisoned by human hands.
Just how many men will expose their desires to her from now?")
Mistiora is accustomed to showing her body off to please the eyes of men.
Mistiora "Well... as Derek said, it seems we can gather a lot of cum."
If Mistiora continues to excite them like this, the men will certainly start to masturbate and spray a huge amount of cum.
Mistiora mutters quietly over the men's cheerful excitement. She looks to her side at the stage where Luka is.
Luka "Hnn... uhh..."
Luka groans in shame on top of the stage as she desperately thrusts her hips out and shakes her ass.
Her movements are clear and awkward. The men toss ridicule at her instead of cheers.
Audience Member C "Hey! If you're going to shake your ass, put more effort into it! It's such a pathetic-looking ass!"
Audience Member D "Her tits are pathetic too! Gyahahahah!"
Luka "B-Bastards! I'm doing this----!?"
Luka reflexively falls into a rage.
But she looks up at Mistiora and notices her gaze.
Mistiora "A stage like this seems a little too much for you."
Mistiora whispers to her. The men watching are cheering loudly, but Luka can clearly make out Mistiora's whispers.
Luka "What...!?"
Mistiora "I hope you're looking there. I alone am enough to drain these men of their seed..."
Mistiora glances at the men at Mistiora's behest.
Mistiora "Even if you don't dare, I'll show them. The thing they want to see... is here, right?"
Mistiora's alluring gaze and words accompany the removal of her panties. She slowly unties them in a teasing fashion.
Mistiora "Ngh, hahh... hahahaha, it seems that I've made you wait long enough. I can feel your gaze staring at my cunt, you know?"
Mistiora unveils her crotch.
But Mistiora doesn't show it off clearly to the men. She presses her slit against the pole.
The pole is transparent, making her entire slit visible to the eyes of the men.
Spectators  "Woah!!"
Their cheers get louder.
The men open their eyes and gaze at the pole, lurching forward.
They want to see Mistiora's pussy clearly. Their bloodshot eyes are begging for it.
Mistiora "Hahaha, don't panic. Hey... bring your face closer. I hope you look closely. You can hear it... can't you?"
Mistiora places her pointer finger on her own lips.
The men watching go quiet as their expressions show the thumping occurring in their chests.
And the cheers dissipate into the hall. Mistiora slowly begins to twist her hips up and down.
Her slit is pressed hard against the pole. Obscene sounds start to ring out as it clenches against the pole.
Audience Member E "Ahhh, shit! I can't take seeing this let alone hearing it!"
One of the men stands up. He pulls down his pants and starts to masturbate without hesitation.
Mistiora "Hnn..."
His erection flies out in view of everyone. His body begins to spasm in an instant, and his expression gets stiff.
But it really is just an instant.
Her smile returns to her face, and she gazes directly at him.
Mistiora "Good... Cum! Shoot it right this way!"
She thrusts her hips toward the man, and her slit digs into the pole.
Her labia are pressed apart, and the pressure pushes juices out of her.
Audience Member E "Khhhh! I'll shove even just my cum in that cunt!"
He moans and jerks himself off even harder.
Splllllrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Mistiora "Hahhh... hnn! Nahhhh, so much hot cum... ahhh! Well, here... Put more here! Nahhhhhh!"
The cum slams against her body and pussy. She feels the heat of it. Mistiora's body has been trained for this. She takes it as a sexually arousing sensation.
Hot moans come out comfortably while her crotch moves up and down looking for even more.
Audience Member E "Ohhhhhhh!"
He shakes his entire body as cum erupts from her.
Mistiora "Hahhhhh... hnn! Hot cum is covering my cunt, nghhhh! Ahhhhhhh, yes!"
His rod is spasming. Synchronized with the spasming, each time cum explodes over her, her body trembles as Mistiora is met with the sound of cheers.
Mistiora "Hahhh... The cum is truly splendid. Your cum... hahaha, it's solid enough to pick up. You've got quite the energy."
She picks up the cum on her crotch. It's really thick like jelly.
She brings it to her mouth while showing it to the men.
Mistiora "Muah, sckkkk... ngh, kffff... hnn... The taste is also perfect. Just a lick of it, and it spreads throughout my entire mouth... Hahhh..."
The musk fills her mouth. She sighs in a truly sexy manner.
She places the finger from her mouth once again to her crotch, and she spreads the cum around her slit.
Mistiora "Hahhhh, ngh, ahhh... The cum is nice... hnn... Just doing this... hahhh, is making my cunt hotter and hotter... hnn..."
Her limbs shake as she presses and rubs her slit hard against the pole.
The amount of juices flowing from her pussy is nearly the same amount as the cum shot against her. There are thick threads of cum too.
The men snort in excitement over Mistiora's behavior. They each start to masturbate as they continue to gaze at Mistiora.
Mistiora "Ahhhh, cock... it's so thick that it smells so musky... Nghhhh, ahhhhh..."
Her hips shake more, and juices trickle out of her.
She opens her slit and exposes the pink flesh inside. Her folds wriggle about, and it looks like they're breathing.
The men jerk themselves off harder and harder at the extremely lewd image they're presented with.
Mistiora "Ngh... hahaha... It's as I said, right? I alone am enough."
Luka looks up at her. Luka's eyes are wet, and she shows a slight smile to say that she can excite the men too.
Luka "Khhh... I'll show you!"
Luka's cheeks get hot over Mistiora's attitude.
Luka "T-That's right. Because the commander has ordered it, I will... hnn!"
A huge amount of cum gathers. If it is an order from Derek, she must put her feelings aside and do it.
Luka mutters quietly to hype herself up and once again thrusts her hips out high.
Luka "H-Hey, how about this...? Didn't you want to look here... at my cunt?"
Mistiora undoes the string of her panties and removes them.
She exposes her uncovered crotch and shakes her ass to bring in the eyes of the men.
Audience Member C "Oh? Ain't that a nice cunt!? It looks like a virgin cunt! What a thrill!"
Audience Member D "You've already shown yourself off, so show us more of the inside!"
Luka "Khh... w-what, guys...? I'm doing this... hnn..."
Even though she's gone out of her way to show them, they show no dignity as usual. She can feel the slightest joy from them.
She gets angry, but she grinds her teeth in desperation.
Mistiora "What's the matter? Won't you end this already?"
Luka "D-Don't say something so stupid... I'm obviously just getting started."
Luka stares at Mistiora after Mistiora has directed those provocative words at her. Luka takes a deep breath.
Luka "You want to look deep into my cunt, right...? In that case, how about this?"
She smiles flirtatiously at them and spreads her slit open with her pointer and middle finger.
Their eyes all gather on her pussy.
Audience Member D "What's the matter? Are you going to show that off?"
But she is just showered in more heckling.
Luka "Y-You... really just do whatever you like..."
The men invariably bring her irritation, but she smiles and takes it all.
Luka "H-Hey, when I do this, you can see more just as you desired, right?"
Her cheeks spasm, but she maintains her flirtatious smile. She focuses her strength on her abdomen and moves her hips up again.
It's not just her anus but even her pussy that opens like she's going to release the content of her body.
Audience Member C "Hahahahah, you're good! Your cunt is trembling for our cocks!"
Audience Member D "Her asshole is open! Do you want cock in your asshole?"
As expected, they hurl jeers at her. However, the men stare at her holes as they do.
Luka's limbs tremble unconsciously at the lecherous gazes of the men.
Her body gets hotter. Luka doesn't know whether it is from excitement or from embarrassment.
Luka feels a hot fog in her head as she responds to those words expressing their desire for her.
Luka "T-That's right... I want it! I want cocks... and jizz in my pussy and asshole!"
She urges them not just with her words but her actions as well. She shakes her hips to invite their cocks.
She shakes her hips vigorously, and juices squirt from her.
Audience Member C "Hey, do you intend to pleasure us? Aren't you going to squirt your juices over our faces!?"
Audience Member D "It's like her pussy is showing us that it's easy to use, huh?"
Luka "Khh... N-No, I don't get off on this... I'm just doing as my commander ordered..."
She bites her lip in the face of their mockery. Her pride won't allow her to do whatever she pleases.
But the excitement is true.
She says it is because of Derek's command, but it is just an excuse she says to herself.
Luka "Right... This is an order, so it can't be helped. No matter what I'm told... I must obey... Bring this to an end quickly... I just need to think of that..."
Her hips move even faster using her words as an indulgence.
Juices drip down to her thighs as she seduces the men with her wet eyes.
Luka "Hahhh, nghhh, nahhh... Please bless this wet ass pussy with your cum...!"
Audience Member D "Heh, unbelievable. I'll do it, especially for you, so won't you thank me?"
A lone man begins to masturbate in response to her calls.
He strokes his hard cock up and down in a manner to show it to Luka.
Luka's eyes open wide as she is shown his lust, and she clenches her abdomen.
Luka "Ahhhh, thank you! So give me your cum, hahhh! Shoot your cum over my ass and pussy!"
For Derek.
Because it was an order.
She doesn't want it herself. She twists her limb, asking for his jizz with her whole body.
Audience Member D "Hahahahah! Good! Take it all!"
He smiles and points the swelling head of his cock at Luka's exposed hips.
Spllllrrrrrrt! Gshhhh! Bshhhh! Gshhhhh! Bshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Luka "Anghhhhhhh! Good! Cum! Shoot more all over me!"
Cum starts to fire at her, meeting her desires.
Cum explodes forcefully, slamming into her whole body and her crotch.
Each time hot cum showers her, Luka's abdomen explodes with pleasure. Her body can't stop trembling.
Luka "Hahh, ngh, hahhhh... ahhh... hnnn... My ass... and my cunt are hot... Hahhh, ahhh... hnn..."
Cum runs down her ass crack and down to her pussy.
Her legs shake as she loses power over her entire body. Her propped-up hips feel like they're going to fall.
Just smelling the scent of cum makes her mind go blank.
Audience Member D "Hey, what's the matter? Aren't you going to thank me?"
Luka "Ahhh, hahhh... nah, ahh... hnn, y-yes... Thank you for your amazing semen... hnn..."
Her words aren't filled with malice. She thanks him genuinely.
She remembers how she has been trained and shakes her ass to show her thankfulness as well.
Audience Member C "Hahahaha, you look like you still haven't had enough. Do you want my cum?"
Luka "Yes, please... Ah, hnghhh... Shoot all of your cum at me..."
Her body burns with heat and she asks for more cum.
She once again raises her hips and shakes her ass to plead for the men with tears in her eyes.
She places another finger on her slit unable to endure it and starts to masturbate.
Luka "Hahhhhh, I want it...! I want cock in here... in my cunt, ahhh... I want you to pour your cum directly into me from your hard and hot cocks."
She unhesitatingly flirts with them as she has been trained.
Luka "Here... Nghhhh! This hole... Please fuck this hole...! Ahhhh... nahhhhhhhh!"
She traces her labia. She rubs her slit up and down.
She pinches her erect clit and begins to stroke it like a man masturbating.
The movement of her finger generates obscene wet sounds. Her pussy spreads wide open, and even she can smell her own pussy.
Audience Member C "Heh, what a slutty cunt you've got there!"
The men mock her while pulling out their erections and jerking themselves off.
Luka "Ahhh... Cock... hahhhhh..."
She gets happy seeing their rock-hard cocks.
She twists her limbs to bring more happiness out of them.
Mistiora "Haha... You seem to be getting quite into it."
Luka "Eh...? What? Y-You're wrong... I-I..."
Rationality returns to Luka's eyes at Mistiora's quiet laughter.
But the heat in her body doesn't cool.
Even if she knows Mistiora is looking at her shameful form, she can't stop moving to seduce the men.
Mistiora "Hahaha, there's no need to feel that embarrassed. I'm the one that lit your flame. I'll gather more cum as is my responsibility."
Mistiora's gaze leaves Luka, and she smiles at them.
Mistiora "Well, what's the matter...? Are there no other men who will excite me with their juices?"
She grabs the pole with both hands and supports her body. She opens her legs wider and thrusts forward her crotch.
Mistiora spreads her slit and places her labia tightly around the pole.
She moves her hips up and down, coating the pole in both her juices and the cum that was shot at her earlier.
Mistiora "Hahhh, nghhh, hahh... hnn... I'm masturbating while being watched, hahh, ahh, ahhh! Hahaha... Can you see how hard my clit is?"
She presses her erect clit hard against the pole and stimulates it by grinding it against the pole.
Mistiora "Ah... yes! My clit... feels good... I feel like I'm going to orgasm so easily... hahhh... from this sensation in my clit! Ahhh... hahhhhh...!"
In time with the movement of her hips, obscene sounds echo out rhythmically.
Mistiora "Are you just going to watch me cum from masturbating... nghhh, hahh...? Hahh, hahhhh, don't you want to make me cum with your semen?"
Spectator F "I-Incredible! In that case, I'll make you cum with my jizz!"
Spectator G "Ohhhh! I won't just make your cunt filthy but your face as well!"
The men start to masturbate in a panicked state pleased with Mistiora's provocative attitude.
In just a few tugs, their cocks swell to the level that they seem like they're going to explode right away.
Spectator G "Hey, look this way! I'll shoot jizz all over you just like you love!"
Mistiora "Ahhhh, ahhh, good...! Well, shoot that hot spunk... hahhh, ahh, all over my face! And my cunt!"
Mistiora moves her hips and face up to welcome the cum.
They ejaculate, aiming for her face and cunt.
Spllllrrrrrrrrrt! Bshhhh! Gshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Mistiora "Ahhhhhhh! Cum! Ngh, hahh, hahhhhhhhhh!"
Two men's worth of cum rains down on her like a shower.
Mistiora bends her body greatly as her brown skin is dyed white.
Mistiora "Ah... The cum... is hot... ngh! Y-Yes! I'm cumming! Hahhhhhh... Just being cum on... is making me cum! Oh, I'm cumming... Ahhhh... nahhhhh!"
Cum dyes her skin and pussy.
The heat turns to pleasure for her, and the powerful pleasure bursts within Mistiora.
Thick, white pussy juice sprays out of her slit as it trembles.
Spectator F "Khhhhhh! I'm not quite done! I'll drench your pussy like I came inside of it!"
Spllllrrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhhhhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhh!")
Cum sprays from the man excited by Mistiora's body.
Mistiora "Oh, ohhhhhhh! My cunt aches from the cum showering onto it! This aching... Ahhhhhhhhh!"
The heat builds on top of itself, and her vision goes white.
Cum is gathering.
It has accumulated on every corner of her face while she moans in climactic pleasure.
Mistiora "Hahhhhh... ngh, hahhh... hnn, hahaha... To orgasm from being showered with cum..."
Strength steadily leaves her body.
But at the same time, she thinks this alone isn't enough.
Her body gets more excited even though she climaxed.
She feels arousal and licks up the cum that is hanging down.
Mistiora "Ahhhh, ngh, sckkk... hahhhh... hnnn... I feel drunk... on the flavor of the jizz..."
Mistiora "But it's still not enough... More! Shower me in more cum. I want every inch of my brown skin to be turned white!"
Her thoughts fill with desire for more just from feeling the cum in her mouth. More pussy juices drip from her pussy.
Spectator H "I still haven't shot my cum at her!"
Audience Member E "I've still got more! I'll keep showering you with jizz until my balls are empty!"
The men once again start to masturbate furiously.
Wet sounds echo out in time with the movement of their hands.
The thick scent spreads around the area.
Mistiora "Hahhh... I can't... take this scent... nahhhhhh..."
Mistiora's excitement steadily increases.
Luka had been watching the men and women's excitement up close, pushing her to go further.
Luka "Ahhh, me too! Please make me climax with all of your jizz! Please jerk your cocks off while looking at my cunt!"
She wants to orgasm. She wants to feel pleasure. She moans with knowledge of her sexual pleasure.
Juices spray from her crotch, enticing the men.
She wipes up the cum hanging from her finger and presses it all over her pussy. She begins to finger herself in a showy and audible manner.
Luka "Please... Please! Please jerk those erect cocks of yours! Spray your jizz all over my pussy!"
Audience Member C "Oh, wait! Spray it all over me now!"
Spectator I "Hey, lift your ass higher! Oh... Cum!"
The men point their dicks at Luka and jerk themselves off quickly.
Luka "Nahhhhhh, ahhh, thank you! Ahh, it's coming! Please spray your loads over me soon!"
She thrusts her ass toward the men.
The men ejaculate onto her ass.
Splllllrrrrrrrt! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Luka "Ahhh... It's finally here! Your cum... is here! It's hot... Hot... cum... is good! It feels... nice... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
The jizz of two men slams against her crotch all at once.
Her abdomen burns with heat at the sensation of the hot juices seeping into it.
Luka "I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming from having jizz shot at my cunt! I'm cumming!"
The heat becomes an orgasmic sensation, pushing Luka to climax.
She bends her back as she exposes her neck, and electricity runs through her entire body.
Luka shakes her cum covered ass, asking for overwhelming pleasure.
Luka "More! Hahhh, ahhhh, I want to cum more! Please! Please aim more of your cum at my cunt!"
She focuses her strength on her abdomen and thrusts her ass out while openly speaking of her lust.
Her labia move like lips, sucking up the cum hanging from them.
Luka "Here! Here! Please shower the depths of my cunt with your hot cum!"
Her labia tremble, and she shakes her ass. She focuses her strength on her crotch, and she opens her vulva.
She begs for cum through both her words and actions.
Luka "H-Hey, you can see it, can't you? My cunt wants to drink your cum! It's trembling for it! Please... show me mercy and let my cunt drink it down!"
Spectator J "Gyahahah! You really love semen, don't you!?"
The men laugh in a vulgar fashion, mocking Luka as they jerk off their nearly bursting cocks.
As they jerk themselves off, their cocks grow larger and larger.
The hall is filled with the scent of cum and pussy juices.
Mistiora shows unusual excitement over being hit with that very same air.
Mistiora "Ahhhh, everyone... you're all jerking off while looking at me! To spray me with your seed!"
Mistiora's limbs tremble with pleasure.
Mistiora "I-I can't take it... hnnn! Ahhhh, I feel like I'm going to cum before I'm showered in your seed!"
She continues to rub her hips against the pole in excitement.
Mistiora "N-Not yet? Have you still not cum? Jerk harder and cum faster! Shower my head with your jizz!"
Luka "Please! Please! Shoot it right into the center of my cunt! Please shoot a perfect bullseye!"
Luka shakes her hips in the same way.
The two of them dance in an unsightly manner.
Spectator K "Ohhhhhhh! I'm going to cum! I'm going to spray my load all over you!"
The men howl due to their intense excitement as every inch of both of the girls is showered in their cum.
Spllllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhh! gshhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Luka "Ah, ah, ahhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhh! The cum is hot!"
Mistiora "Oh, oh, ohhhhhhhhh! Jizz is pouring into my body... Ahhhhhhhhhh!"
A truly tremendous amount of cum assails the two.
Thick, clumpy jizz shoots at their skin.
Luka "It's staining my flesh! My flesh is stained with jizz! I can't... take this! I can't endure it any longer! I'm cumming! Ahhh... this is... good! Shoot it at me... It feels... too good!"
Mistiora "Ngh! Incredible! It's too incredible! My... nghhhhh! My body is melting! Nahhhhh! Good! Good! Ahhh...! Enough!"
Her whole body is stained white with cum. It feels invariably good. She can't resist it.
Luka and Mistiora reach a powerful orgasm at the same time as the pleasure continues to swell.
Luka "I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming... from all that spunk being shot all over me! Ahhhhhh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Ahhh... nahhhhhhh!"
Mistiora "I... am... also cumming! Ahhh... This jizz is nice! Cum... is too... incredible! Nah... hahhhhhhh! Ahhhhh! Ohhhhhhh!!"
While showered with cum, their bodies spasm intensely.
The men snort even more roughly at the sight of the two covered in sticky white juices.
Audience Member A "I've still got more! You still want it right!? I'm going to drench you in more thick spunk!"
Spectator J "I'm going to impregnate you with all this jizz shot outside of you!!"
Spllllrrrrrt! Gshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Luka "Nghhhhhhh, this can't be! Even though you're cumming outside of me, it's running into my cunt... I'm cumming! It's like I'm cumming from having jizz shot directly inside of me!"
Mistiora "Nahhhhh! I'm also cumming over and over again! The huge amount of cum is staining my skin! Ah, ahhh, hnn! I'm cumming!"
The cum shot at their slits lands with such force it splashes into the air.
Thick jizz is enveloping her to the point that they feel like they'll be impregnated just from being cum on.
Luka "It won't stop... The pleasure won't stop! It's too... incredible... being cum all over!"
Mistiora "Ahhhh... I can't... endure this cum! Ahhhh... nahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh... nahhhhhhhhh..."
The two of them continue to be drowned in pleasure.
Luka "Hah, hahh, ahhh... The cum is incredible... Hnnn, hahhhh..."
Mistiora "Oh, ohh... The feeling of cum dripping from me... ohhhh... hnnn... I feel like I'm going to get addicted to this... Nghhhh... hnnn..."
Their bodies are covered in cum.
The two of them are in bliss as they are enveloped in the foul odor making them choke.
Mistiora smiles with arousal and licks the cum from her lips.
Luka's hips tremble as she enjoys the sensation of the cum around her pussy.
Luka "Hahhh... ungh, ngh... But... I want... more cum..."
Mistiora "Mm... There's still not enough to make my skin white..."
But they still haven't had enough.
Her womb is aching with a desire for more cum.
Luka "Please bless me... with more cum somehow..."
Mistiora "Your cocks still look energetic... Ngh, how's that? I'll show you more of my cunt..."
The two girls smile while consumed with fatigue. Their smiles are so lewd that they shoot right through their hearts.
The withered rods once again grow erect, and the men begin to jerk them again.
Audience Member A "Heheheh... Good, I'll keep giving you what you want."
Audience Member B "I'll cover your face in so much cum you won't be able to open your eyes, so thank me."
Luka "Ahhhhhhh... Yes... Yes... hnn..."
Mistiora "Coated my entire soul in it..."
The two of them smile at the prospect...
............
......
...
#21_app03
A little while after...
Eleonora "But what actually happened?"
Seraphina "That's right..."
Iris "............"
Derek ordered them to gather cum.
They split into groups. Astrid's group and Mistiora's group have already returned to the guard house.
The only ones remaining are Iris, Eleonora, and Seraphina.
Seraphina "Iris..."
Iris "Yeah..."
Seraphina calls out Iris's name because she noticed how quiet she had gotten.
Iris nods in response but her expression remains dark.
Iris "Gathering cum... I know we have to do it, but..."
Iris's anger finally seeps from her and she looks to Seraphina who is standing at her side.
Seraphina notices Iris's gaze and smiles.
Iris smiles back at Seraphina and squeezes her fists tightly in the shadow of his body.
Iris can't let Seraphina gather jizz alone. She is determined to do her best to accomplish two people's worth.
However, her fist loosens with her determination.
The problem now is what would be the best way to gather cum.
Iris, Eleonora, nor Seraphina have any idea how they're going to accomplish their task.
Derek "How long do you intend to just stand around for? If you don't gather some cum----"
Iris "Y-You don't need to tell us that. We're just thinking about what would be the most effective way to do so now."
Iris bites back at Derek, a smile on his face.
It is true that they were thinking. But how long was it going to take for them to come up with an answer?")
Derek smiles as though he has had an idea.
Derek "It can't be helped. I'll make the preparations."
Iris "What?"
Derek "You can't think of any good ways to gather jizz, right? Come this way."
Derek says that, and without waiting for a response, he walks to the door to the guard house.
Eleonora "Hnn..."
Seraphina "............"
Eleonora and Seraphina stop moving, unable to promptly decide if they should follow or not.
Iris was the same way, but because of her resolve to protect Seraphina, she was able to resolve to follow him before the other two.
Iris "I must do this. I don't know what I will be made to do, but I will follow."
Eleonora "Right..."
Seraphina "Then, let's go."
Eleonora and Seraphina both show agreement with Iris's words.
The three girls all nod and follow after Derek.
#RP_kai_har_03
Iris "What do you intend to make us do here?"
They're taken to the first floor of a brothel at the end of the street. The room they're in is completely visible from the outside.
All of the girls stand with their breasts pressed against the glass.
The men walking by stop and look at them. They grin as they look at the girls' breasts pressed against the glass. Their smiles are truly vulgar.
Eleonora "Hnn..."
Iris "Khhh...!"
Seraphina "Uhh..."
Eleonora, Seraphina, and Iris's faces are red with embarrassment, and their bodies are stiff.
The men look happy about this reaction and gaze at their bodies lustfully.
Iris "How dare they look at Sera with vulgar eyes...!"
Iris sighs slightly and stares at the men with sharp eyes.
The men are overwhelmed by her fierce gaze. But it is only for a moment. Immediately afterward the men once again snicker in delight at Iris's appearance.
She wants to scream, but she knows that it would just be bad for her.
Iris grinds her teeth in regret. Derek calls out to her.
Derek "It's simple to gather cum here. If you call out, you can gather many men. I hope you squeeze out as much as you like."
Iris "Khhh... That is what you intended...!"
Even if she expected it, she can't help but feel agony over it.
If they call out and entice the men from here, without a doubt, a man is going to lay a hand on Seraphina.
She wonders how far she can prevent that from occurring...
Seraphina "Iris... I'll be okay..."
Seraphina's face is red with shame as she speaks to Iris. Her eyes are near tears as she smiles gently at Iris.
Iris "Sera..."
But Seraphina places her hand on Iris's.
Seraphina "I've prepared myself... Moreover... we're together..."
Iris "......"
Seraphina's smile makes Iris aware of her own uselessness.
Eleonora whispers lightly to Iris.
Eleonora "Lady Iris this is certainly a big trial. That is why the three of us must surpass the three of them..."
Her body trembles with shame as words of encouragement are thrown at her.
Iris prepares herself like Eleonora and Seraphina.
Iris looks at the two and gives a small nod.
Eleonora nods back and speaks to the men looking at them from the street.
Eleonora "Hahaha... You? You've been staring since earlier, but don't you want to get a little closer?"
Seraphina "P-Please look... at my elf boobs."
Iris "Hey... hnnn, if I do this you'll be able to take a closer look, right?"
Seraphina and Iris are triggered by Eleonora and join in on trying to attract men with their smiles.
The three of them bend their bodies awkwardly, pressing their boobs hard against the glass.
Many men are attracted by that sight and approach with grins on their faces.
Man A "Hehehe, what? Are you trying to draw in some Johns?"
Man B "In that case, why don't you do some more of that?"
They smile vulgarly and stare unashamedly at the girls' bodies.
All they can do is be stared at. However, they feel nausea and unpleasantness at the thought of being touched directly.
But they somehow keep their smiles.
Iris "Haha... how about looking a little closer? Close enough to see your breath over the glass... nghh..."
Remembering what she was taught in training, she doesn't just speak to the men but also presses her breasts provocatively against the glass, moving them in circular motions.
Eleonora "How are my boobs...? Hahhh... hnn... When I do this, you can tell how big they are, right...?"
Eleonora and Iris both twist their limbs in the same way. They twist their upper and lower bodies in a charming manner.
The shape of their breasts changes with their motions. The lewd flesh brings increasingly obscene smiles to the men.
Seraphina "Ngh, hahh... When such heated gazes are thrown at me, not just my boobs but my cunt, uhh... hnn, ache as well..."
The pleasure continues to be carved into them, and Seraphina's body trembles. She twists her hips in desire. Her white skin has turned pink.
Her breaths are hot and wet.
Her nipples get harder, pressed against the cold glass.
Man A "Hehehe, however, you've got huge tits, huh? Hey, do you want me to squeeze those huge tits around my cock?"
A lone man moves his hands before the glass. His movements are like he's mock groping her.
Eleonora unintentionally makes an audible gulp at the overly brazen movements.
Eleonora "Eh, eh...? I want you not just to look at my boobs but to squeeze them... Nghhhh, my nipples are aching..."
Iris "Hahh, ahhh... don't, ngh, hahh... hnnn, you want to do so too...?"
Even though nothing has been done, his breathing gets rough, and her body trembles.
Her body has certainly changed.
She feels regret at that reality. She continues to smile at the men, turning her gaze to the men's crotches.
Their erections are clear over his pants.
Iris "Mm..."
Just after looking, Iris remembers the pleasure of cock, and her hips tremble.
Seraphina "Hahhh... ngh, hahh, ah, I... kfff... hnn..."
At the same time, Seraphina pants with desire and rubs her thighs against each other while shaking her ass.
The sticky sounds accompany the movements.
Seraphina is certainly wet.
Iris and Eleonora are the same. Their three thighs are wet with pussy juices.
Man B "Hey, aren't you already dripping with juices? Are they bashful even though they're whores? Or are they just that slutty for cock?"
Iris "Khhh... hnnn..."
Vulgar words are directed at them.
It's not just at Iris but at Seraphina as well of course.
Iris trembles in regret over Seraphina being laughed at.
But that regret isn't shown on her face. She desperately suppresses the regret, and she smiles flirtatiously.
Iris "R-Right... Just having... a man gaze at me has made my cunt wet... I'm such a slut..."
In addition to their words, they press their breasts hard against the glass while shaking their asses to attract men.
Strings of pussy juices fall from them as they move.
Seraphina "Please bless my horny cunt with your thick cocks... somehow..."
Seraphina seduces the men with her words, unwilling to let Iris alone do the work.
Iris's expression twists for a moment. She is sad over the words that escape Seraphina. She didn't want to hear those words from her, but she immediately returns to her flirtatious smile again.
A lot of men gather before the glass like bees gathering around a flower.
One of the men speaks in surprise while looking at Eleonora.
Man C "L-Lady Eleonora, why are you doing this...?"
Eleonora "Y-You..."
Eleonora remembers him. He used to come to her church.
Eleonora's smile must once again be forced at the thought of having somebody she knew looking at her like this.
But she can't stop being seductive.
Eleonora "T-Today... I'm pleasuring cock... Please bless my hole... my cunt..."
She flirts with the man.
His expression shows his shock at Eleonora's state. But his cock is clearly swelling below his pants.
Iris "Don't you want to plow... my cunt? You want to spray my womb with your jizz, right?"
Iris understands Eleonora's pain and continues to seduce the men.
Seraphina "Go ahead... Today, there will be no charge... so please jerk off and shoot as much cum as you like at our free cunts... Ahhhhhh..."
Seraphina pants in pain, saddened by her own words.
Even more pussy juices flow out of her, running down her thighs.
Man A "I... I can't take it any longer!"
The appearance of the three of them is certainly insatiable.
The men in the very front breathe heavily and enter the glass room.
Iris "Hahhhhh!? Ahhhh, your cock is going in so deeply! Anghhh, hghh, kahhhh!"
Without hesitation, cocks are rammed in all of their pussies.
Even though nothing had been done yet, their pussies are already soaking wet. They easily take the men into themselves.
Their vaginal canals are spread from the inside, and they feel the sensation of their hot rods. As soon as they do, pleasure rushes through their entire body, and they reflexively moan out in pleasure.
Man B "Kah... I can't take it! You're really horny! Your cunt is just slurping up my cock!"
Seraphina "Anghhhhhh, nghhh, yes, hahhhhh! I've been waiting for cock for so long! I wanted you to dominate my cunt with it!"
Seraphina pants as she flings about her hair. Her voice is clearly filled with pleasure and joy.
It's not just her words. Her pussy constricts to fight for more pleasure, squeezing his cock incredibly hard. Her entire pussy is reacting with the desire to feel more of his cock.
The rod pushed into her trembles intensely in joy over being squeezed.
Man C "Ahhhhhh, Lady Eleonora! Lady Eleonora, your cunt is enveloping my cock... Ghhhh!"
Eleonora "Hahhhhh, I'm enjoying it too! Nahhhh, your splendid cock is pushing my pussy open... Ah, ah, there!"
Eleonora once again remembers the incredible joy of having her pussy pushed open by a cock.
She moans at the men on the other side of the glass, letting the intense pleasure run over her.
His cock gets even bigger from her moans as her body is pushed harder against the glass.
Her breasts deform against the glass.
Eleonora "Nahhhhh, ahhh, I'm being watched! My cunt is getting fucked...! Everyone, watch me get fucked!"
Iris "This is bad! The core of my body is getting pierced with cock, hahhh, ahhhhh! It's bringing me such joy!"
Even though Iris hates it, her body gets aroused easily simply from the feeling of being subjugated.
Drool runs naturally from her mouth as her pleasurable moans continue to come from her.
The sounds of the intense fucking go past the glass onto the street.
Man D "I can't believe we get to fuck girls like these for free...! Hey, switch quickly!"
Man B "Hey, wait...! I'm going to cum inside of her now!"
Seraphina "Hahhhhhhh!? Ahhhh, so deep! Your cock is thrusting into my womb!"
The head of his cock plows deep into her pussy. The force is great enough to crush her organs. Seraphina's jaw is opened wide to pant.
All she can do is take the rapid pounding, but the intense, orgasmic pleasure swells inside of her.
The folds of her pussy squirm to bring about more pleasure, wrapping around the cock thrusting into her.
Her pussy squeezes tight around his cock to urge him to cum.
Seraphina "Please! Please cum inside my pussy like this! Fill my womb with your seed!"
Eleonora "Please pour it into me too! Please take me to heaven with your cock and your hot seed!"
Eleonora and Seraphina both beg for cum.
Their pussies tighten around the cocks enveloped by their flesh as they move their hips in time with the men's movements.
The movements make the men's pounding get all the faster.
Man A "Ohhhh, I'm cumming! I'll fill your free cunt with my seed! Thank me!"
Iris "Ahhhhhh, yes, yes! Thanks! Please bless my free cunt with semen!"
The head of the cock inside of her pussy is pulsating to the point of breaking now. She is aware of it through the walls of her pussy.
She wants it now. She wants him to pour his hot juices into her. She can't get the thought out of her mind.
Iris "Please! Shoot your seed... into my cunt! Unleash so much cum into me! Please!"
She squeezes tightly around his cock as she screams. Her pussy is tight enough to tear it apart.
Men "Kahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
All of the men howl in unison in response to having their seed desired.
Spllllrrrrt! Gshhhhh! Bshhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!")
Iris "Ahhhhhhhh, I feel it coming! Thank you! Thank you for blessing me with your jizz!"
Seraphina "Ahhhh, me too! Me too! I'm too happy! It feels too good having your jizz poured into my womb! I feel such gratitude!"
Eleonora "I'm cumming! I'm cumming while taking your load! Ahhhhhh, it's incredible cumming from jizz!!"
Overly thick juices are flowing into her pussy from the pulsating cock inside.
The three girls all bend back together, revealing their necks as their bodies spasm in time with the cocks spasming inside of their pussies.
Iris "Hhh! Cum inside of me! The cum is too good! It's too good! It's making me cum! I can't endure it! I'm cumming! Thank you for making me cum with your jizz! Ahhhh... nahhh!"
Seraphina "All of it! Coat my entire womb in your cum... Ohhhhh! I'm cumming! I... am cumming! My cunt is sucking down your jizz... I'm cumming from having your spunk inside of me!"
Eleonora "Ahhhhh, it won't stop! It's too great to have your jizz inside me... I won't... stop cumming! I'm happy... Hahhhh! This... is amazing! Nahhhhhhhhhhh!"
Their pussies are filling with his hot juices. They reach climax as their thoughts melt away due to the sensation of their bodies being permeated with cum.
Their expressions are unbelievably lewd as she writhes about in madness.
The men hold their bodies against the girl's asses. Their bodies tremble in climax as every last drop of cum is poured into them.
The girls breathe lightly as the men's ejaculation finally comes to an end.
Man D "Hey, you! If you're done, hurry up and switch!"
New men enter the glass room.
Iris "Kyanghhhhhh!? Hnghhh, hahhhhhhh!? Hard cock is grinding against my cunt again!"
New cocks penetrate their holes quickly to replace the ejaculation of the men.
The cum poured into them flows out from the pressure of the new penetration.
Man E "Khhhhh, is this an elf's cunt!? It's fucking tight! Do you like human dick that much!?"
Seraphina "Ahhhhh, cock! Human cock is the best! It makes my elven cunt a little bigger! But it's good to be spread out from inside!"
Seraphina speaks indecent words with an aroused look on her face at the new pleasure.
At the same time, her freshly orgasmed pussy squeezes tight on the new cock.
Her body reacts, asking for it deeper and deeper without using her words.
Eleonora "Please! Please make me cum with your spunk next! I'll do my best to pleasure you with my free cunt!"
Eleonora exclaims in glee.
Her cervix clings to the tip of the cock fucking her, and she squeezes tightly around it.
While doing that, Eleonora shakes her hips, and her back bends as the head of his cock hits her cervix, making her writhe.
The men gathered before the glass gaze at the overly lewd sight with bloodshot eyes.
Eleonora "Hahhhhh, please watch! Watch me pleasure him with my free cunt, nahhhhhh...! Watch! Watch... this cock make me pant!"
Man F "Hahhh, hahhh, ahhhh, shit... I can't take it."
A man watches Eleonora shake her hips lewdly from beyond the glass, and no longer able to wait, he pulls down his pants and jerks off.
Several more men pull down their pants as well and begin to jerk their own cocks.
Iris "Hahhhhhhhhh! Y-Your cock is amazing! Ah, ahhhh, there are so many cocks... that we've gotten excited, nahhhhh!"
The girls look at the many cocks put before them. Just thinking about how big they are makes them ache intensely.
Their limbs tremble as their pussies squeeze tightly around the cocks inside.
Iris "More! Watch more! Jerk off while watching my cunt get fucked! Masturbate while imagining fucking me!"
Seraphina "It'll be your turn soon! You'll be able to use my cunt to your hearts' desires! Ah, ahh! Ahhhhhh!?"
The man fucking Seraphina moves his hips even faster to show her off to the men that are masturbating.
He slams his rod into her with such force that the flesh of her ass ripples. It feels like she is getting hollowed out by a giant stake.
Seraphina "Hahhhhh, nghhhh! It's so fast...! His hot cock is filling my cunt. It's so big, ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhh!"
Man E "Pay attention, bitch! Hahhh, hahh... Focus on my cock now! You cock hungry elf!"
Seraphina "Hangh, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'll jerk off your cock! I'll shake my hips while pleasuring you with my cunt!"
The pleasure from the intense pounding is comparatively greater. It's enough to make her cry as she desperately moves her hips in time with the man's movements.
Even though it's been enough to make her orgasm since earlier, the pleasure is increasing with the speed of the pounding.
Eleonora "Ahhhhhhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming again! Please make me orgasm with your cum in the very end!"
Iris "Everyone, all together! Shoot cum while watching us orgasm!"
Seraphina "Please cum and ejaculate a lot! Rub your cocks like rubbing through my cunt! Pour enough cum into my womb until I overflow!"
The three girls all beg for cum as they desperately pleasure the cocks in their flesh.
Not just their hips, but their upper bodies also shake. Their breasts bend against the glass, and their wombs get even hotter from the passionate gaze of the men beyond the glass.
The lust of the men reaches its limits at what is happening to the three girls.
Men "Ohhhhhhhhh!!"
The men fucking their pussies and the men masturbating all howl out together as they release a tremendous amount of jizz.
Spllllrrrrrrt! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Bshhhhhhh! Gshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!")
Iris "Hnghhhhh, I'm cumming! My womb is orgasming from taking all of your cum!"
Eleonora "Ahhhhhhhhhh! This feels too good! I'm going to cum from this spunk shooting into me! I can't stop any longer!"
Seraphina "Hahhhhhhh, ahhhh, I'm cumming! My womb has already learned how your jizz feels! My womb loves the feel of human spunk, ah, ah, ahhhhhhhhh!"
A huge amount of cum is flowing into them again, and all of their wombs are filled with it.
Their bodies tremble as they scream out orgasmically from the joy of being subjugated.
The men outside shoot their loads at the glass.
Splllllrrrrrrrt! Bshhhhh! Gshhhhh! Bshhhhhhhh!!")
Seraphina "Nghhhh!? Incredible! Even though the glass is in the way, I can feel the smell and the heat! I----!"
Eleonora "Ahhhhh, I'm cumming! I'm cumming again! I'd be grateful to have some more cum!"
Iris "Got it! I can no longer win against a cock! Ahhhh, I've lost to semen, and I'm cumming!"
A large amount of cum falls like a downpour of rain against the glass.
Regardless of the cum getting stopped by the glass, it genuinely feels like their bodies are getting showered in cum.
The thoughts of the girls are melted away by the orgasmic feeling of having their bodies hit with cum inside and out, causing them to writhe.
Their pussies continue to squeeze tightly around the cock slammed into them to urge them to cum more and more.
Eleonora "Nahhhhh... hnnn! Hah, hahh, ahhh... The cum is spilling out... Ngh, kfff, hnghhhh!"
Seraphina "Ah, ahhhhh, no, don't stop... Even though my cunt is squeezing, my overly-fucked hole won't close... Uhh..."
Iris "I'm sorry... I'm sorry that your cum is dripping out of my loose cunt... I really am thankful for it..."
The rods that have finished cumming are pulled from them. In that instant, jizz audibly spills out of their unfilled holes, dripping to the ground.
The girls try to stop it by focusing their strength on their abdomens to close their pussies. It is too much of a waste to let such precious jizz drip from them...
The cum that pelted the glass drips down before their panting faces.
Iris "Me too... Ngh, ah, it's such a waste... Muah, lckkk, lckkk..."
Seraphina "The semen is dripping... Uh, I want it in my mouth... Lckkk, muah, muah..."
The cum is on the outside of the glass. But they try to lick it. They lick the glass even though they're incapable.
The men on the other side of the window get harder again even though they've just finished ejaculating.
Derek "It seems like this will be a good way to gather cum. We still need more. Fuck as much as you like."
Eleonora "Hahhhh... Yes, thank you..."
Having forgotten about Derek, they thank him from the bottom of their hearts.
Eleonora "Ah, ngh, hahh... What kind of cock is going to fuck me next...?"
Seraphina "My cunt is still fine to take more cock after those two, you know...?"
Iris "You can use me as much as you like... Spew as much cum as you like... into our cunts..."
They forget their shame.
They just want cum now.
The three of them smile flirtatiously with the men that have gathered before the cum-covered glass.
............
......
...
#21_app04
That night...
#RP_kai_rad_02
Ladomira "Hahhh... A semen bath must be like this."
Ladomira sighs with heated breath.
She received a report that Derek had prepared her a bath full of semen, so she quickly went to dip herself into it.
The wafting male scent and the thick sticky threads of cum. It is a spectacle that would normally cause one to faint.
However, Ladomira smiles with infinite joy and takes a step into the tub of semen.
The white surface shakes.
Ladomira "Ahh, this sensation... it's like it's wetting my soul..."
She mutters with satisfaction... scooping up some cum with her hand.
Ladomira "Snff... Hahaha, I feel it. I feel the scent of all these men's desires."
She continues to smile as she just smells the heavy scent that nearly chokes her. She pours the cum she has scooped up back into the tub.
She slowly swirls the cum in the tub again.
Ladomira "Hahhhh... It's going to be nice, nghhh... to relax in here..."
She stretches out inside the tub.
She sighs with satisfaction as her body sinks shoulder-deep into the tub.
Ladomira "Hahaha... What is going to happen next...?"
She mutters happily.
Ladomira "This time there's a lot of cum from adult men, so next time what if the tub is limited to only young men..."
Ladomira "Or... maybe it would be nice to be captured by barbarians and enjoy their wild cocks...?"
Ladomira "Hahahahaha..."
She smiles as the stench of cum hangs in the hair of the bathroom.
Empress Ladomira's desires are never-ending...
............
......
...